Speaker 52: [00:00:00] Hi everyone. I am here in gorgeous Montego Bay, Jamaica, where a fest is about to happen, and we have a really brilliant speaker. His name is Jim Quick. He's perhaps the foremost coach in the world on improving your brain's ability to learn. Hollywood legends, rockstar entrepreneurs, people you read about in the.

Study with this guy. And Jim's work has the potential to shake up the way education functions because he's teaching people how to amplify their learning ability. All of you here are avid learners, but ask yourself what's gonna happen when you can double or triple or quadruple [00:01:00] your ability to learn and absorb information.

Now, rather than learn from 10 books a year, you are learning from 40 books. Rather than take two or three courses from Mindvalley and maybe remember 50%, you are remembering twice as much a hundred percent of what you're learning and learning how to apply that your entire life shifts your abilities at work, your abilities to grow your business, your abilities to grow as a human being, all shift because you have expanded your learning capacity.

It is one of the most important skills you can learn, and this is why we're so excited to bring you the one and only gym quick.

Jim, welcome to 

jim kwik: Mindvalley. Thank you so much for having me, and thank you everyone for joining us. I'm so excited about this because we're gonna talk about one of the most important topics, I can't even imagine more, something more important. This thing called meta learning and learning faster and improving your most valuable superpower, which is between your ears, called your brain, and [00:02:00] it's, it's exciting.

Speaker 52: Absolutely. So, I wanna give you guys a quick idea of why having Jim join Mindvalley was something that was so important to us. This year. We added a new category to our, our plate of, um, learning categories in Mindvalley. And that new category is called Meta learning. Meta learning. Simply code is learning how to learn.

See, you can study all of these different aspects of personal growth. But all of us sometimes face this limitation where there's only so much we can remember. There's only so much we know how to apply. And so we thought, well, what if we could teach the ultimate skills, the skills that actually expand your capacity for learning?

See, Jim, you have a famous quote, which I love to share. Jim says that we often think of our learning capacity like a shoe size. A shoe size is fixed. You can't improve, you can't increase the size of your shoe. But that's not true with your brain. Yeah. With meta learning, you can increase the capacity of your brain to learn, to remember, to retain, to apply, and just think about what this would do for every other thing you are [00:03:00] learning.

Yeah. True mind value. In fact, every other aspect of your life, which is why meta learning is the new and one of the most significant new categories on Mindvalley and Jim is one of our first amazing instructors in this category. 

jim kwik: Yeah. The way I put it is this is if I was a magical genie and I could support you to help to learn any subject or any skill faster, if you wanted to become a master at something, whether it's Mandarin or music, or martial arts, or it's marketing, what would you choose?

And I want you to think about that as we're going through this conversation, because we're gonna teach you some of the fundamentals to learning faster. And so if you could learn any subject or skill, what would you choose? And it's kind of like when we're talking about a genie, somebody says like, Hey, if you get one wish mm-hmm.

What would you choose? And people are like, oh, I would wish for more wishes. Right, right. And so that's the equivalent. That's the way I look at it, that if somebody says you could learn any subject or skill faster, what would it be? For me, it would be learning how to learn. Learning how to learn. 'cause if you could learn how to learn quickly, you could apply that towards anything in personal development or [00:04:00] anything in your life.

Speaker 52: So before we learn anything, yeah, we want to learn how to learn, right? Likewise, if a genie gives you one wish, what you wanna wish for is more wishes. You sneaky bastard. That's basically how we 

jim kwik: want to 

Speaker 52: approach the 

jim kwik: situation. Yeah. I mean, it's really that advantage. And I can't imagine in today's modern day society full of overload and distraction, where knowledge is not only power, knowledge is profit.

Right? The faster you can learn, the faster you can earn. There's no more important skill than your ability to outthink, to outlearn, to outperform. And so I'm really excited about this because nowadays we're not nobody who's watching this. You're not paid for your muscle power. You're paid for your mind power.

Right? It's not your brute strength. Mm-hmm. It's your brain strength. The challenge is nobody's, your brain doesn't come with an owner's manual and it's not always user friendly, but it's your most valuable wealth building asset for everything. So 

Speaker 52: let me ask you this question, Jim. We all know, and I'm sure you guys will agree, if you can improve your capacity to learn, every aspect of your life improves.

Because when you can learn faster, you can improve your career, you can improve your, your ability to retain and absorb information, and thus you grow so much faster. But why is it that most of us [00:05:00] don't learn how to learn and then we end up going through a traditional education systems thinking that our brains are fixed in some dimension?

jim kwik: Yeah. I think that, um, a lot of things that we learn is like when people see me on stage, they'll see me memorize like a hundred people's names or a hundred words or a hundred numbers forwards and backwards. And I always tell people, I don't do this to impress you. I do this to express you what's really possible.

Because the truth is every single person who's watching this right now, you can do it too. You just weren't taught, if anything, we were taught a lie or we were taught a lie, that somehow our intelligence, our potential, our power is somehow fixed. Like you mentioned, like our shoe size, right? But we've discovered more about the human brain more in the past 20 years than the previous 2000 years.

And what we found is we grossly are underestimating our own capabilities. 

Speaker 52: And Jim is probably the leading mind in the world right now in terms of teaching people how to expand their brain. I wanna share one really interesting story about you. Jim and Jim just got off the set for the new X-Men movie where he was trading the cast of the X-Men to [00:06:00] improve the ability to learn so that they could read lines.

And remember, they are their lines far better. Jim has certainly taken off in Hollywood. He's trading many a-listers to improve their capacity to learn. Not only that, if you actually follow Jim on Instagram, go check this out right now, i instagram.com forward slash jim quick, right? And just check out the incredible minds in the world who are there on his Instagram.

From ex-presidents of the United States to Will Smit, to the cast of many superhero films to Elon Musk and Bill Gates and the founders of Google. He's helping some of the greatest minds on the planet. Learn better. And that's one I, I, I guess that is testament to the skills that you're about to bring to our audience and, and my 

jim kwik: main message for everybody who's watching here is that I'm nothing special.

People don't know, but I grew up with learning challenges and learning difficulties. At the age of five, I had a very bad accident. I had a head trauma, brain injury, and I just didn't understand things. Teachers would have to repeat themselves over and over and over again. I had no [00:07:00] focus. And I know that's an issue for a lot of people who are watching this.

I had a very poor memory, which is a challenge. You learn something and then forget it the next day. And it actually took me an extra three, almost four years, learning to still learn how to read. 

Speaker 52: Right. You were known as the kid with the broken brain. 

jim kwik: Yeah. At the age of nine. Actually, think about this, a teacher.

Pointed to me thinking I wasn't paying attention or maybe not smart enough to understand. Talking to another adult saying, that's the boy with a broken brain. And at that age you're very impressionable. That shapes your identity and who you are. And so I was overcoming, you know, these, all these challenges, I had to work harder.

And maybe some people could identify with this that you're working hard, you're doing the effort, but the reward's not there. Mm-hmm. And you're wondering like, that's not fair. It's like, why do I have to work two, three times harder as everybody else not to get the results? And I could promise everyone's watching this.

We're gonna give you some real tangible tips and techniques on how to learn faster and unlock what we call your super brain so that you could have greater productivity, greater performance, and also greater levels of profit. Because obviously we live in this knowledge economy and also peace [00:08:00] of mind.

'cause I'm not talking about learning faster, like frantic fast. I'm talking about having a confidence and a calm where you can absorb information as close as you could get to like limitless or like the matrix, right? And that's, I think it's the most important skill. So I'm excited about the. 

Speaker 52: So remember that scene from the Matrix where Neo plugs himself in and this giant thing goes and attaches itself to his brain and he downloads new skills.

Well, we're not gonna be doing that, but this is about as close as you can get. 

jim kwik: Yeah. And so you will, you will learn how to learn and basically you can know kung fu and Kung fu really is just this level of mastery in this journey, and that's what we're all, we're on this quest together, and that's the best thing about this is that you're not alone if you're struggling or suffering with too much to learn.

Too little time. I mean, who doesn't have books on the shelf? They haven't read yet? Right. You go online, you buy all these books, and they sit on your shelf. And as Lisa Nichols talks about, it becomes shelf help and not self-help. Mm-hmm. How many people get more than 10 emails a day? I mean, people are getting hundreds of emails.

We're drowning in information, but we're starving for real practical wisdom. And so [00:09:00] information overload and distraction, and this digital economy that we're in, I mean, it's rewiring our brains and it's really taking away from our productivity and our peace of mind. And that's why I think these conversations are so important.

Speaker 52: So I wanna share a quick story of how Jim Quick's work helped me and why I'm so excited to have Jim in this masterclass. So we started planning this about three months ago and one month ago I was in Munich in Germany doing a seminar. And so after day one at the seminar, we had 300 people in the room and people came with their books, the Code of the Extraordinary Mind for me to sign.

And as I wrote down the name in their book. I used Jim's technique to attach their name to the face. Now, the very next day in the seminar, when people would raise their hand to ask questions, I could call them out by name because I'd used Jim's technique to remember outta 300 people. 100 names. That's amazing.

That's amazing. And instantly, everyone in the room was, was impressed, and they were mystified. And my ratings for the seminar went higher than I normally get. Because everybody felt recognized. Yeah, everybody felt important [00:10:00] because I, as the speaker had remembered their name. Yeah. And guys, it took me 10 minutes to learn that technique and that technique completely changed my life.

Now, what we are gonna do at the end of this seminar, that technique is one of the powerful techniques that Jim is gonna be teaching in his new course with Mindvalley called Super Brain. That technique itself, like basically pays for the entire course. Yeah. But we are actually gonna give you a gift and at the end of this masterclass.

We're gonna teach you that technique in 10 minutes. How about that? So stay till the end because we are gonna give you that name recognition technique, and this is so gonna change the way you interact in terms of business networking and you interact with people in your life. 

jim kwik: Yeah, and I really want to really thank everybody who's really showing up for this.

I believe success comes down to two things showing up. 50% of it's just showing up, but the other half is playing full out. So make sure you take notes that you really focus and be present here because what you're about to learn will absolutely change your life. I want this to be the most valuable. Next, you know, few minutes of your time.

Speaker 52: So first, Jim. Yeah. I want you to tell the [00:11:00] story behind this picture because as a geek, this story always gives me shivers. 

jim kwik: Okay. So, um, a few years ago I get a call and, um, this, going back to remembering names is so important. I, uh, as you, I, I speak a lot and I got to meet somebody and saying hi to everybody afterwards.

And I remember this person's name and remembering names again, I, I don't wanna underscore this, it is the number one business etiquette networking skill there is because how are you gonna show somebody you're gonna care for their future, their family, their health, their finances, anything that you're selling them if you don't care enough just to remember their name.

Right? And so I remember this person's name and that led to me speaking at 20th Century Fox for this chairman of 20th Century Fox and his executive team. And so I did my very best talk and I don't know what it was 'cause I was in this playful state, it was a Friday and walking into the boardroom you saw like pictures of like Avatar and Star Wars that put me in that state, right?

Right. And um, what happened was, it was my very best presentation. And afterwards the chairman looks at me and says, [00:12:00] um, Jim, I wanna give you a tour of the 20th century lot. And it's a closed lot in Hollywood. And when we're walking around the film set. I noticed there was this movie poster of Wolverine and uh, I was like, oh, I can't wait for that new movie to come out.

And he picks up his phone and five minutes later I'm in the Fox Theater with 3D glasses watching Hugh Jackman fight all these super ninjas. I mean, it was amazing. And afterwards he's like, um, Jim, how was the movie? And I was like, oh, it was so good. Thank you so much. And I was like, you don't know this.

But I grew up with learning challenges that I couldn't read as a kid. And I taught myself how to read by reading comic books. That, that was my whole infatuation with, with comic books and superheroes. Um, and I was, I was telling 'em, I was like, my favorite comic books growing up were actually Wolverine and the X-Men, because, uh, not 'cause they were the most powerful, it's because they didn't fit in.

And how many of us don't fit in? You know, growing up with the boy, with the broken brain, I didn't have any friends. I wasn't learning like everybody else. I was very isolated and shy. And I the highlight when, when I was little, I read in the comic book that the school for the gifted, right? Kind of what, what, what you're [00:13:00] building with Mindvalley, what you're building with Quest for Mrs.

Davies, a school for the X Man. Exactly. Where they train all the superheroes is actually in Westchester, New York. And that's where I grew up. And so I was telling 'em, this is true. When I was nine years old, I used to ride my bicycle around my neighborhood trying to look for that school because I wanted to run away from home and I didn't.

I wanted to find my superpowers. I wanted to find my super friends. And I'm telling this to chairman of Fox. He's like, Jim, I didn't know you liked superheroes. Do you want to go to Comic-Con? And you know what ComicCon is, right? 

Speaker 52: Right. Comic-Con is the biggest, it was one of the biggest events, most popular events in America.

Everybody, thousands of people come together to celebrate comics. 

jim kwik: Exactly. And they dress up and it's really wild. And I, it was in San Diego and I was like, when's Comic-Con? He is like, it's today, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. And he was like, do you want to go? And I was like. And I go from a 9-year-old to a 99-year-old.

And this is a lesson of accelerated learning because it's not chronological age. It's the i, it's the age of our mind and the age of our heart. Right. Our spirit. And I, I start thinking about all these excuses because I was a kid and I'm thinking, [00:14:00] no, now I'm 99. It's like, oh, how do I get to San Diego on a Friday?

Oh, I have all these meetings here in la. Oh, I have nothing to wear. Oh, there's gonna be traffic. Oh, I have to wait on lines. And I, and so interesting how adults talk their way out of opportunity, right? Right. And so, um, I always tell people, if you fight for your limitations, you get to keep them. Right?

People are always saying, oh, I'm not smart enough, or I'm not good enough. Oh, I'm just not, my memory's not good. I'm getting too old. And again, if you argue for your limits, you get to keep them. So he's looking at me, he's like, Jim, do you want to go or not? I'm going tomorrow. I was like, oh, the chairman of Fox is going, I wanna go with you.

So the next morning he picks me up, um, Saturday morning, and we go, and instead of driving, we get on his plane. And I swear to you, vision. The entire cast of X-Men is on that plane. I mean, think of about, I'm nine years old in my mind now again, and there's, there's literally, I don't even see like Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman.

I see. Like, he, you know, I see Wolverine and bx, right? And I'm sitting between Jennifer Lawrence and Holly Berry, and we're going to Comic Con, right? And, uh, we go and we spend incredible day together. And on the way back, uh, the, the chairman of Fox is [00:15:00] like, how was your day? I was like, this is the best day ever.

Thank you so much. He was like, I have something else for you. I'm like, I don't want anything. I was like, what can I do for you? He was like, Jim, they really loved you. How would you like to go on set? I was like, what do you mean? He's like, we're filming the new X-Men movie in Montreal. 

Speaker 52: Wow. Another 

jim kwik: 30 days.

How would you like to go? I was like, oh, I've never been on set. I would love to go. How, what can I do for you? And he's like, Jim, just teach us what, teach them what you taught us. Teach them how to unlock their superpowers, teach 'em how to speed, read their scripts, how to memorize their lines. And I was like, I can totally do that.

The next morning, next Sunday, we're on what they call the X Jett going to Montreal. And I got to share with my heroes and I got to see them on set, come alive. Wow. And when I got back home. That photograph was waiting for me, this photograph of me and the entire cast of X-Men. And, uh, even better than that though, was this note from the chairman.

And this is world class Big heart. He says, Jim, thank you so much for sharing your superpowers with all of us. I know since you've been a child, you've been looking for your superhero school. Here's your class photo. Wow. And I even, what an 

Speaker 52: incredible story. I 

jim kwik: even get goosebumps even [00:16:00] thinking about it. I call 'em truth bumps.

You know, and, and really that put me on this quest for how do, how do we, where's our superhero school? And that's why I love partnering with you with what we're doing because we, when when are often people having conversations around superpowers and genius and meta learning, I mean all these skills that will give people greater levels of performance 

Speaker 52: and 

jim kwik: peace 

Speaker 52: of mind.

And it's funny that you say that because if you were to ever walk across the Mind Valley office, you'll notice superheroes everywhere, superhero icons everywhere, even at t-shirts. I mean, this is inspired by the, the crest that superheroes wear on their chest. And it's because we have always also used that analogy.

We think ourselves as a school for superheroes that bring out to the world these superpowers that traditional education suppresses or doesn't really teach. And that's such as what you're about to talk about. And 

jim kwik: that's, and that's the big challenge because when I was going through all these learning difficulties, I thought school would help fix that.

And I realized very, very quickly that school is a great place to learn what to learn like math and history and science and Spanish. But there were zero classes on how to learn. [00:17:00] Right. How to think for yourself, how to focus and concentrate, how to be creative, how to solve problems, how to read faster, how to remember more.

I always thought there's, you know, there's three Rs in traditional education, reading, writing, arithmetic. But what about retention? What about recall? What about remembering? Socr says learning is remembering. And the reason why it's so important in this digital age where you could get information online is, as you know, entrepreneurs or as social activists or as parents or as students, you know, your ability, your life is a reflection of your decisions, but you could only make quality decisions based on the information you remember, the knowledge that you remember.

And I'll prove it to you. If we lost, if you at home or watching this, and you lost half of your memories, you know, half of your life memories, half of your loved ones, half of the names, half the, the numbers, half of the words that you know, would you have the same quality of life? Of course not. But if you could remember that much more, how much more effective would you be?

How much more productive? How much time would you be able to save? How much more can you make? It's, it's exciting times. I think we 

Speaker 52: all, we all underestimate just how much our lives [00:18:00] will improve and we can improve that one thing, our ability to learn. So, so far you've learned the idea that your learning capacity is not something fixed, and that when you can expand this learning capacity, so many different dimensions of your life expand as well.

Now let's get to the next lesson from Jim and Jim, whenever I have a remarkable character like you sitting next to me, one of the things I love to understand, and I know the audience will love this as well, is to get a glimpse of your morning routine. What do you do to keep your learning capacity sky high in your brain fit in the morning?

Let's take us through that routine. 

jim kwik: Okay. So I believe first we create our habits and then our habits create us back. And the most successful, effective individual is they create empowering habits. But when's the last time we actually learned? You know, or took a crash course on how to create habits or how to break bad habits.

And the reason why they're so important on top of that is because a lot of people who are watching are suffering from mental fatigue. They're suffering from mental fog. It's like decision fatigue. They can't make any more good decisions. And part of the reasons why is because they've used up a lot of their [00:19:00] energy first thing in the morning.

So how do you get that right? Well, when I first wake up, I'm gonna go through some of the first things that I do every single morning. And what's different about my morning routine is I really focus on how to jumpstart my most incredible superpower in the world, which is my brain. So everything I do in the morning is to optimize my mind so I can optimize the day.

Because if you could win the morning, you could win the day. So the first thing that I do when I wake up in the morning is I remember my dream. I remember my dreams. And it's, and this reason, the reason why is because a lot of people don't realize this is, but when you're learning all day, your mind doesn't shut off at night.

Mm-hmm. You're subconscious, your unconscious, your non-conscious is still working on solving those problems, integrating things, uh, consolidating your short to long-term memory. And in fact, people don't know this, but some of the most remarkable inventions and work of art and science actually came through dreams.

Like, for example, Mary Shelley came up with Frankenstein in her dreams. Wow. Um, yesterday by Paul McCartney came in his dream. The periodic table actually came from a chemist's dream. Elias Howe [00:20:00] invented the sewing machine in his dream. The challenge is what happens when you wake up? You had all these dreams at night, but most people, what?

They forget their dreams. So I walk through people through a six step process on how to remember dreams. We actually cover it in the Quest program. Oh, I see. So I'm really excited about that. The second thing I do, first thing in the morning is I, I make my bed and it's kind of like, Jim, why is that good for your brain?

I do it for two reasons. Number one, I believe how you do anything's, how you do everything right and you wanna start your day with a win. It's the science of momentum. 'cause success breeds success. And so take a minute, make your bed, make it excellent, and then carry that momentum throughout the day. The other reason why I do it is how good does it feel when you come home at night and you come back to a made bed?

Right? It's like you come back full circle, back to success. The third thing I do, one of the things I do right away is I brush my teeth. You're like, Jim, obviously. How's that? Good for your brain though? Everyone brushes their teeth. But here's the thing, I brush my teeth with the opposite hand. I brush my teeth with the opposite hand because [00:21:00] what the latest science is saying is yes, there is a mind body connection that your thoughts affects your body, right?

But what a lot of people don't realize is that your body affects your mind. Also, that using your body in certain ways actually activates different parts of your brain, that as your body moves, your brain grooves. So for example, brushing your teeth with the opposite hand or eating with the opposite hand is actually good for your brain.

There's actually a study done at Oxford University saying jugglers have bigger brains really learning to juggler. Wow. Learning to juggle actually creates more white matter. So juggling actually helps you to build better brains. It's amazing. So after that, what I do is I take a, a tall glass of water.

'cause a lot of people don't realize this, but your brain and your body is like 70% water. And a lot of people, when they're mentally fatigued or they have fog, which a lot of people have, um, it's because they're dehydrated and it's so simple. And notice everything I'm talking about doesn't cost. Any money.

Right. And that's the best thing about it, right? You could do it and it's free. Your family could do it, your friends could, your team should be doing this also as well. Um, so you hydrate, uh, because most people lose a lot [00:22:00] of water when they sleep. And then from there I take, uh, I take a cold shower, people are gonna hate me.

They're like, I was loving this guy up to this point, a cold shower. But I believe in cold therapy. 'cause it's a great way. Um, we know that if you hit your knee, you put ice on it to reduce the swelling, to reduce the inflammation. Mm-hmm. Um, and you know, we top athletes, they take ice baths. And I, I know, uh, speaking on stage at, at a fest with Wim Hof, right?

You know, cold therapy is very important, right? And so what it does is it lowers inflammation in your body. So cold shower is good for that and it resets your nervous system and it's wonderful to have clarity of mind. Also, by the way, also showering puts you into a theta state. A theta state is a relaxed state of awareness where you start being very creative.

You notice that when you're in the shower, you come up with all these new ideas. You know, all these ideas, and it's always when you can't write 'em down, which is another reason why people should join this quest because it teaches you how to take mental notes and have things instead of the tip of your tongue on your mental fingertips, like right there.

But showering, it puts you in a the state, and that's the state of [00:23:00] creativity. That's the state where Einstein would go into his thought experiments and come up with, you know, all the science-based theories. And so, um, it's very important to take showers. I took six showers just to prepare for this master class with today.

Um, and then from there I go and I actually make a brain tea. And I talk about some of the elements in my brain, tea in, uh, in our quest together. But it has things like go to cola and ginkgo baloba and lion's mane and MCT. I put a little bit of honey. But it really activates my focus because we know that the foods you eat could either add to your focus and your memory or it could detract.

And that's something that will, we cover more in depth in the quest. And then from there, I actually, when I'm drinking my tea I journal, and I know you like to journal a lot. Also, I think some of the most, they do these studies with geniuses. And I'm not just saying IQ geniuses, P artists and architects and actors and athletes.

And it seems like 90% of them are keeping journals. And is it because that they're geniuses that they keep journals or is it because they're writing and [00:24:00] reflecting and journaling that makes them geniuses? And I have a very specific process of journaling, but one of the things I do is I look at, most people have a to-do list, but I also have a not to-do list.

And I think some of the most effective people on the planet have a not to-do list. A growing, and their not to-do list is larger than their to-do list things. Like notice the one thing I haven't talked about that I, that most people do first thing in the morning, which is touch their phone. Right the first hour of the day, most people want to touch their phone.

And I can tell you, if you're watching this right now, you're a special soul. You're a special human being because you're interested in growing and you're interested in giving. That's the superhero way, right? You discover and develop your superpower so you could go and help other people. But if you're touching your phone the first hour of the day, you're doing yourself a disservice because touching your phone and going through your phone first hour a day, it does two things.

It rewires your brain for two things. Number one, it trains you for distraction, and that's obvious, right? The other thing, the reason why you don't wanna touch your phone first thing in the morning is because it trains you not only to be distracted, it trains you to be [00:25:00] reactive. It trains you to be reactive, and you can't have a quality of life.

Because what happens if you pick up your phone and you get an email and it puts you in a bad mood, right? And then you take that throughout your entire day. How can you have a quality of life and design your life with vision and with standards if you're just responding and. You know, replying to everybody's agenda and firefighting and all these things.

So don't touch your phone the first hour of the day. Instead though, in my journal, I'm writing the three things I want to accomplish personally and professionally. Like what are the three things I need to do to be able to win that day? And I go through my whole process and there are more things that I, that I do.

I, I make a brainpower smoothie because I know in our quest I talk about my top 10 favorite brain foods, which is so important because again, there are foods that detract from your focus, processed food, fried foods, and so on. But there's certain foods that are really good for your brain. So for example, avocado, very good for your brain.

Blueberries are, I call 'em brain berries, very neuro protect. Things like broccoli and coconut oil and eggs. If your diet allows green [00:26:00] leafy vegetables, good for your brain, it should be writing these down. If you don't have like this, you know, the memory ability yet because I think that's important. But then things like salmon, like wild salmon or sardines, if your diet allows also as well to turmeric, really good for your brain because it lowers inflammation.

That's that golden powder that gets everywhere. Uh, I would say also walnuts. Very good for your brain. And it's interesting also, right, walnuts, it looks like a brain, right? And it's kind of interesting in nature that there's a, a signature or a sign of nature that certain foods look like the organ or the body part.

It actually is nourishing. So for example, if you cut a carrot and you look at it, it looks like an eye and it's good for the eyes and so on. So there's certain foods that are really good for your brain. Walnut's, another one. And also I save the best for last. Dark chocolate. Dark chocolate. Yes. The darker, the chocolate, the, you know, the more organic, really good for your brain and anything that, 'cause it puts you in also a good mood and creates endorphins and anything that's good for your mood's gonna be good for your brain.

I bet 

Speaker 52: most of you were not excited when he said broccoli, but when he says dark chocolate, you guys 

jim kwik: are 

Speaker 52: gonna, yes, you're [00:27:00] writing it down. You 

jim kwik: can stop 

Speaker 52: tomorrow. 

jim kwik: And it's really great too, because you could take all those things really conveniently and throw it into a blender. And you have your brain power smoothie, right?

You have avocado, you have green leafy vegetables, you have your chocolate, throw some water in there, some coconut oil. I would avoid the salmon, but, uh, that's a brain power smoothie. And then from there I read, 'cause I'm a, I, I believe that liters are readers. Leaders are readers. And so reading, I like to get people up to, and we talk about this in the program, one book a week.

One book a week because the average person reads about two books a year. A you teach that in the program? Yeah. We talk about specifically how to focus when you read, because a lot of people can't focus. They'll read a page in a book and get to the end and then just forget what they just read. Their mind wanders, and so they're losing so much time and reading is very important because the average person processes information about four or five hours a day.

Think about all the emails and the websites and the blogs and the books and the articles you're reading all day. But if you could just double your reading speed and save, you save two hours a day. What's two hours a day over the course of a year [00:28:00] or, or even if you save one hour a day. What's one hour a day?

Over course a year? 365 hours. That's like. How many four hour work. That's amazing. You're really 

Speaker 52: giving people their their time back. 

jim kwik: Yeah. You're giving people about seven hours a week. Right, exactly. And that's 365 hours a year, which is nine 40 hour 

Speaker 52: work weeks. And that's just on doubling reading speed.

But one of the things you're also saying, Jim, which is really, really, really important, is that most people don't understand just how important it is to practice these habits in the morning to take care of your brain. For example, if you skimp on say, an hour or two asleep, it's the equivalent of functioning on the next day at work, having consumed an entire glass of beer.

Yeah, right. 

jim kwik: Yeah. 

Speaker 52: But the reverse is also true. If you take the right nutrients in the morning, your productivity goes through the roof. So. At Mindvalley, we've been doing experiments and one of the experiments is I started experiment experimenting with the type of like high nutrient dosage that you're talking about.

Mm-hmm. The smoothies with blueberries and MCT oil and all of these other things that [00:29:00] we know is good for your brain. And I also started experimenting with new tropics. New tropics are smart drugs. They're quite expensive. Sometimes you take anywhere from two to six of them a day. And I wanted to see what would give me the boost.

Now what I found is that the nootropic Scania boost, but I found that the power smoothies gave me an equivalent boost without the side effects of the drugs. And so I was able to dramatically boost my focus, my functioning, my processing speed, my levels of energy, yeah. In the day just by putting these nutrients in my body, the exact same recipes that you are suggesting here.

So I want you guys to understand how important this is. Yeah. You are adding several hours to your day just because of your renewability to think, to process and to be productive. 

jim kwik: Yeah. And I, the reason why I like these habits, the conversations we're having, especially the way that the quest is designed, because it's meant to create routines for you, right?

And you're using it every single day for let's say 30 or more days, right? And you create that habit, and again, first [00:30:00] you create your habits and then your habits create. You. Now 

Speaker 52: is exercise and meditation part of your morning routine as well? 

jim kwik: Oh, absolutely. So I, I meditate every single morning also as well, for about 20 minutes.

Mm-hmm. Um, I believe mindfulness training is very important, right? Because it, in order to have focus, in order to have clarity of mind and be able to solve problems, you want to go into those brainwave states, we called it alpha, right? Alpha wave states. And so you can do that through, you know, discipline, breathing, right, visualization.

Speaker 52: And, and I asked that because. The good thing about the world today is all of us have been trained to understand that exercise was important. Yeah. In the seventies and eighties we started learning that. Right. Like jogging really started taking off in the eighties. Yeah. Aerobics in the eighties. Now in the two thousands, we started learning the importance of meditation.

Mm-hmm. So many people here, and raise your hand if you, if this is true for you, every morning you have a meditation practice and an exercise practice. Yeah. Now what I started. Figuring out and adding to my life in the last two years. So I'm relatively new at this as well. It's the power of brain practices.

Mm-hmm. Like what you're suggesting. Yeah. [00:31:00] Taking care of your brain. So right now, today, if you want a full, a full well-rounded life, right? It's not just meditation, which is great for your soul exercise, which is great for your body, but it's. Optimizing your brain states and that is just great for your career and your life and your mental functioning.

You gotta have all three in the morning. 

jim kwik: Yeah, I do. I do some like five minutes of exercise first thing in the morning. Also, there was a study done and, and then this is not my daily workout, but it's very important first thing in the morning to move your body, right? So right after my brain smoothie and when I'm reading, you know, I do like to read for about 20 minutes.

I do just five minutes of like burpees or calisthenics or whatever I do, because whatever's good for your heart's gonna be good for your head, right? There was a study done at Appalachian State University where they wanted to, they tested people that did a few minutes exercise. They did it at 7:00 AM 1:00 PM and 7:00 PM and they found that the people who did it at first thing in the morning, that activity, they slept better, they managed their weight better.

It was so powerful. And so I would say even if you can't do your full workout in the morning, just move, because the brain evolved [00:32:00] primarily people, the number one function is to control our body movement. And so as your body moves, your brain grooves. So 

Speaker 52: get that. That's fantastic, Jim. So thank you. So that's a really key part of, of, of what I'm hoping you guys were taking down because this itself shift your life.

And if you guys wanna know the exact protocols and how to do all of this, don't worry because you can always enroll in Mindvalley Super Brain Quest with Jim. It kicks off in a couple of weeks and we are taking 2000 people with gym to train them to reinforce these habits and to train them on the science of improving their brain capacity and thus improving their productivity and their careers and their lives.

So now we're gonna go to the next bit, and this is really powerful stuff. You're gonna learn about the 10 keys to a super brain and there's a twist at this particular exercise, so pay close attention. Now, I also want you to know that at the end of this masterclass we're gonna add a bonus training for you guys.

It's about 10 minutes. We're gonna give you a snippet from the new Super Brain Quest with Jim Quick where you're gonna learn the technique that Jim showed me on how to remember names and faces. And that was huge for me because I actually have [00:33:00] a. Brain issue. I've tested my brain and I have a neurological issue that makes it hard for me to remember faces.

Yeah. And to read nonverbal communication, right? It's something very common with programmers. And Jim helped me overcome that. And you are gonna learn how to remember names and faces and the applications for this in business and life are so huge. So stay tuned to the end. 

jim kwik: Great. So there are 10 keys for unlocking your super brain.

And these are the things that we talk about more in the quest, but I'm gonna give them to you really fast. And what I want you to do is here, do not write this down. I know you were taking notes up to this point, but I'm gonna ask you as your super brain coach not to write this down 'cause I'm gonna test you to see how many you remember.

And then I'm gonna teach you an ancient code, a memory, a technique that dates 2,500 years ago on how to remember this. And you could apply this towards remembering facts or even to be able to memorize a speech without using notes. So let's go into it. The 10 keys for unlocking your super Brain, number one.

A good brain diet, and that's obvious. You are what you eat. We talked about that a [00:34:00] little bit. Number two is killing ants. Scientifically. Killing ants is actually good for your brain. And when I mean ants, it stands for automatic negative thoughts by, uh, Dr. Daniel Amon. He came up with that term. He's a big brain doctor in America.

Number three is exercise. Exercise. 'cause as we talked about, as your body moves, your brain grooves, number four, our brain nutrients. Because if you don't get it from your diet and you supplement because you might have learning challenges because you're short of vitamin B or omega threes or so on. Number five, a positive peer group.

That's why a tribe and a community friendships are so important because it's not just your biological networks or your neurological networks. That's your social networks. And then after that, number six is a clean environment. A clean environment's good for your brain. 'cause when you, your outside world, it's a reflection of your internal world.

When you clean your desk or you clean your laptop, how much more focus do you have? How much better concentration do you have? Clarity of thought. Good. Number seven, this is a big one. Sleep. [00:35:00] Sleep because that's where you consolidate short to long term memory. That's where you clean out the plaque in your brain.

That can lead to Alzheimer's and dementia, sleep, very important. After that, you have brain protection, brain protection. To have a super brain, you have to protect your brain. So wear a helmet. Number nine, this is a big one. New learnings. New learnings. You grow new brain cells, make new connections.

Neurogenesis, neuroplasticity through novelty and novelty is very important, so always challenging your brain. And finally, number 10, stress management. One of the big super villains out there is information overload and overwhelm, and life stress and anxiety. When you're stressed, you create cortisol and adrenaline, and it's good for fight or flight, but it shuts down big parts of your brain.

So it's not good if you need to take a test. It's not good if you need to study. It's not good if you need to prepare for meeting. It's not good if you have to give a speech in front of a big group of people because it's gonna make you forgetful. So those are the 10 keys. So take a minute and just write down as many as you remember of those 10 in order.[00:36:00] 

Okay, now I'm gonna show you how to memorize these 10 tips forwards and backwards. Here we go. One of the keys for greater memory is understanding the power of location, location and how space evolved to be able to help us to store information around in our environment. And it evolved because as hunter and gatherers, we didn't need to know, you know, necessarily these words or these memorized numbers.

We need to remember where things were. We need to remember where the enemy tribe was, where the clean water was, where the soil, fertile soil was, where the food is, and so on. That was our survival. So we learned to store information around space. In fact, when you forget someone's name, what's the first question you ask?

Where do I know that person from? Because we all know that content is king, and if content is king, then context is the kingdom. Context. And so the context gives you the content. So how do you use this? [00:37:00] Let's take space that we're familiar with and use that as a mentor link filing system to store the information that we need to be able to remember in our day-to-day lives.

And so we'll take it. So imagine tomorrow you have to give a talk on stage or an at your office or at school, and you wanna talk about the 10 keys for unlocking your super brain. This is how you would memorize it. You would take the first key and put in the first place the second key in the second place.

The third key in the third place, by the way, if you've ever found yourself saying to yourself or in an argument talking about in the first place, this and the second place that, and the third place that languaging came from this ancient code of memory. Now that's not being used. We're bringing it back with this quest.

But um, the languaging is still there. So people are still talking that way. And so people with just to store information around like their apartment or around their home, and that's how they would remember it. So what I want you to do is take a place that you're very familiar with, which is our body. Our body, and we're gonna take 10 places on our body.

We're gonna do it fast, and then we're gonna put each of the 10 keys in each of those places. So for [00:38:00] example, number one is top. So we could do this. We could all do this together. Touch the top of the head. So number one is top and say it out loud. What's number one? You say it out loud. Top. Good. That's your verbal memory, right?

Two is your nose. So touch your nose. Good. Three is your mouth. Four. Are your ears good? Five. Is your throat or your larynx here? Six. Is your shoulders? Seven. Your collar? Eight are your fingers. Nine is your belly and 10 is your seat. Your rear end all. So this is the 10. Let's do it again together. One is top.

Two is nose. Three is your mouth? Four? Your ears? Five Is your throat? Six Are your shoulders? Seven Is your collar? Eight Are your fingers. Nine is your belly and 10 is your seat. Now watch this. This is magic. Now we're gonna take the 10 keys for unlocking your super brain. We're gonna put number one in the first place.

So the first key was a good brain diet. So I just want you to [00:39:00] imagine a good brain diet on the top of your head. Now imagine it, and if you can't imagine it, imagine you can imagine it, and you can do this with your eyes closed if it's safe for you to be able to do that. Imagine a good brain diet of avocados and blueberries and salmon on the top of your head, and you're like, Jim, that's so childish.

Who are the fastest learners? Right? Children engage their imagination, their creativity. They use more of their whole brain instead of their Their left logical side, their verbal side, they use more of it. And so number two is a, what is your nose? And coming outta your nose, I want you to imagine, now I want you to imagine they're ants.

'cause that's gonna remind you of killing ants. Automatic negative thoughts. Imagine ants coming outta your nose right now, and you're like, Ooh, ooh. Yeah, and you feel something, right? Here's the key to a good memory. Information combined with emotion becomes a long-term memory. I'll say it again.

Information combined with emotion becomes a long-term memory. We remember things that touch us emotionally. We forget the things that are boring. In fact, if you learn, if you forgot a lot of things back in school, that's why, 'cause the two [00:40:00] states of mine that most people feel in school, I could tell you it's boredom and the other half of the class is confused.

And so if you feel bored that on a scale of zero to 10, that's zero. Anything times zero is zero. So you wanna add emotion into it. And so imagine ants coming outta your nose. You're like, Ooh, that's why you remember it. Okay? The third key to unlocking your super brain is what? It's this thing called, do you remember it?

Good exercise. And the third place on your body is what? Your mouth. So I want you to imagine your mouth exercising, like maybe you're doing pushups or pull-ups with your mouth so silly. It would never happen. That's why you remember it. It's about taking the ordinary and making it extraordinary inside your mind.

Extraordinary mind. All right, good. So that's number three. Number four are your what? Your ears, right? The fourth place. And outta your ears. I want you to remember the fourth key to unlocking your super brain, which are brain nutrients. Brain nutrients. So why don't you imagine all these brain vitamins coming outta your ears, right?

Your B vitamins, your omegas, your nootropics coming out of your ears. Good. The fifth [00:41:00] place on your body is what? It's your throat or your larynx. And I want you to remember that this place here is your positive peer group. Positive peer group. So I just want you to imagine your throat and your positive friends are all lined up and they're putting happy, smiley stickers all over throat.

All right? And you're like, that would never happen. That's why you remember it. That's number five. And by the way, we're halfway through the list. And do we remember even number one on the top of your head is what? It's the what? Good brain diet. Good. Coming outta your nose is what? Ants. Good ants are coming outta your nose.

Killing ants outta your mouth is what? What are you doing? Exercise good. Number four. And say it out loud. What's coming outta your ears? Brain vitamins, brain nutrients. Good. And finally number five is what your positive peer group, your happy faces. We're halfway there. Number six are your what? Your shoulders.

And I want you to remember, clean environment. Clean environment. Imagine looking to your left and right and somebody's mopping and somebody's sweeping and vacuuming on your shoulders, clean environment. It would never happen. That's why you remember it. Number seven is your [00:42:00] collar. And I want you to remember their sleep.

Sleep. So I just want you to imagine a hammock, a hammock on your collar and and people sleeping on your collar. And just take a moment and if you can, if you say. You can't do it. Remember, you wanna manage your ants. Automatic negative thoughts. Don't fight for your limitations because it's a, it's a subconscious program for your supercomputer to make itself fulfilling.

So sleeping on your collar. Eight are your what? Your fingers. And I want you to remember brain protection. So what protects your brain? Uh, helmets. So imagine 10 helmets on your 10 fingers, alright, with your favorite sports team. Helmets. Wear your helmet, protect your brain. Okay? Number what nine. Number nine is your what?

Your belly. And I want you to remember new learnings. New learnings. So I want you to imagine your belly. You have a bookshelf there. So imagine all of your favorite books on your belly, all your favorite books on your belly, right? And then after that, the last place is your what? It's your seat. It's your rear end.

And I want you to remember the last one, [00:43:00] stress management. How do you manage stress? Some people meditate. They drink a glass of red wine, you know, they do yoga, whatever. Just picture that on your rear. I don't need to know what you're picturing right now. All right. Now you are the memory expert. You have a super brain.

You're on stage and you need to remember what are the 10 keys for unlocking my super brain. Let's do it together. 'cause we keep it interactive. Now you're standing on stage. Just walk up and down Your body. On the top of your head is what? What's on the top of your head? Say it out loud. Yeah. The food, right?

You have your good brain food on your second parus place is your nose. What's coming out of your nose? Ants. And so 

Speaker 52: automatic negative thoughts. Yeah. 

jim kwik: Get rid of the killing those ants. Kill those ants as they come outta your nose. The third thing is your what? Your is your are your is your mouth. And then what are you doing with your mouth?

You're doing exercise good. Exercise. Very good. After that, your ears what's coming outta your ears. You have all those brain vitamins, very good brain vitamins. Number five is your throat or your larynx. Who's putting [00:44:00] happy stickers on there? You're all your positive friends, right? Positive peer group, good.

Six on your shoulders. What's happening on your shoulders? A clean environment. Yeah, clean environment. Good. And number seven, on your collar, you have a hammock to remind you of what? Healthy sleep. Yeah, healthy sleep. And number eight are your fingers. What's on your fingers? What are on your fingers? You have these helmets, right?

To remind you of brain protection. Nine is your belly, what's on your belly. You have all those books, right? Uh, you have all your books. And that's new learnings. New learnings. And finally, number 10 is your rear end. And what's, what are you doing back there? That's stress management, right? Right. And but notice by the way, people could do it also backwards also as well, because a trained memory could do something forwards and it could do it backwards.

You could go from stress management to what's on your belly, new learnings and so on. 

Speaker 52: I can immediately see an application for this, uh, at meetings. Yeah. Right? When I have to remember a list or even when I'm about to give a speech. And not be able to toss away the piece of paper that so many people hold.

Exactly. And 

jim kwik: sometimes when you, you need to give a speech, it's, you don't need to do it [00:45:00] verbatim. Like actors do. You want it to sound natural, right? But you just remember your key points because you know this vision, somebody asks you a question and you go there to answer the question. You're like, oh, where was I?

And you lose your place with this. You could just like, oh, I was right here. And then it keeps your place. So this memory method again is called loi. And it's a 2,500 year old technique. And it's something very simple. What you can do right now is you could just imagine yourself in your home standing in the doorway and you notice a lot of stuff.

You're like, Jim, I should have cleaned before I watched this masterclass. But notice you are like, okay, the first place is the microwave. Second place is the stove top, the third place is the refrigerator. The fourth place is the dishwasher. The fifth place is the sink. Then you go into the next room, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, do the same thing.

Wow. And all of a sudden you could put your to-do list, you could put your, the facts you need to remember about a client right now, can you, 

Speaker 52: can you use the same Loki for 

jim kwik: multiple lists? Absolutely. You could reuse it because your brain separates it by time. And also you could also make new lists. You could go to your office, you could go to like the home you grew up in as a child.

This, wow. 

Speaker 52: And this is all based on the, on the fact that as we evolved, we, [00:46:00] our brains had pattern recognition for spaces. 

jim kwik: Yeah. 

Speaker 52: We love, we store information in around us. Jim, that is fantastic. Thank you so much for sharing those, that information with us, that is so, so, so useful. And sometimes these ideas sound simple, but the applications in your life, they are so amazing.

Like I shared with, with the audience earlier about how Jim Jim's memory technique for faces and names so changed away. I now do seminars. I remember faces so much easier when that used to be like one of my, my difficulties. So at this point guys, I wanna invite you to check out the Super Brain Quest by Mindvalley.

This is the New Quest. It's a 30 day program that we are doing with Jim. Quick, 2000 of you are gonna enroll together and every day for 30 days, Jim is gonna take you on an adventure to improve your learning ability. You're gonna learn an advanced technique every single day for 30 days and things get stacked on one another.

So at the end of 30 days, the way you function as a human being completely shifts. It boosts your career, it boosts your performance at work. It [00:47:00] changes the way you function in the world because every single day you have so much more energy and um. There's information below as a reward for watching this masterclass.

You can enroll and you actually unlock a special discount only available on this page. As a thank you for investing the last couple of minutes with us, Jim, I'd love for you to tell us a little bit about Super Brain and why this program is so important to you. 

jim kwik: Okay. So a lot of people know that I grew up with learning challenges, learning difficulties, and it, it's, it's, if you didn't go through that, it's really hard to imagine what it's like to struggle for all those years.

And, uh, and so for me, when I learned how to compensate and go from going from below normal to normal to maybe super level, I can't help but help other people. My whole thing is no brain left behind. No brain left behind. And your brain is your most valuable supercomputer. It is your superpower between your ears, this three pound matter that could really, it influences your health, it [00:48:00] influences your career, it influences your relationships, your finances, everything that you hold dear.

But it doesn't come with an owner's manual. So we created this Quest program just for you. And the reason why I'm so passionate about this is when I first learned these skills 25 years ago and I started teaching it, my very first student, she read 30 books in 30 days and remembered it all. 'cause she had a super brain.

And you're thinking like, wow, that's amazing. How can you do that? And I wanted to ask her the same thing and not how she did it. I know how she did it. I wanna know why. Okay, because I find motivation is key to learning. Motivation is key. What is your motive to learn new things? In fact, what, why, what benefits would you get for going through this quest?

How many better decisions can you make? How much more money can you make? How enriched can you make your health? And I wanted to find out for her what her motivation was. And I found out that her mother was dying of terminal cancer. Terminal cancer was given 60 days to live, just two months to live by doctors.

And the books she was reading were books to save her mother's life, books on health, books on [00:49:00] wellness. And it was amazing because I, I, I said, I'll say prayers and thoughts and you know, and I don't know what else I could do to be able to support you in this. She was like, Jim, I'm gonna do, choose everything I learned in this program to be able to apply, to learn all this stuff to help her.

And six months later I get a call from this young lady and she's crying and crying and crying, and I can't, and I can't get a word out of her. And I find out they're tears of joy. That her mother not only survive, but is really getting better. She's starting to thrive. Doctors don't know how, they don't know why they call it a miracle, but her mother attributed a hundred percent to the great advice she got from her daughter who learned it from all these books.

And that's where I realized that if knowledge is power, learning is your superpower. And it's a superpower that we not only desire, but we really deserve, the world deserves more of us to be able to show up and it shows up when we show up specifically in our mind. 

Speaker 52: Jim, that's fantastic. What an incredible story.

Now, I'd love for you to share with them some of the Yeah. Tools in the [00:50:00] techniques that you've put into this program to give us this superpower. Yeah. 

jim kwik: And so what we understand is that people lose focus after a little bit of time. So we made this program specifically about 15 to 20 minutes because they call it the Pomodoro technique, that after about 20, 25 minutes, our focus dips.

Drastically. And so I always recommend people when they study or when they work, to work in those bite-sized chunks. 'cause it's digestible. And the key to really making big transformation is consistency and challenge. Consistency and challenge. You can't go to the gym once and just be fit, right? You have to be consistent about it, but you also have to challenge yourself because your mental muscles grow through challenge.

But what makes consistency and challenge better is a third C, which is coaching. Coaching. The best in the world. Have a coach. You know the best singers, have a voice coach. The best business people have a business coach, right? You have your health and fitness coach. I wanna be your super brain coach. I wanna be your personal trainer for your most valuable asset in the world, which is your [00:51:00] brain.

Remember we started this conversation saying, if you could have learn any subject or skill faster, what would it be? Just like asking a genie, you would ask for more wishes. The closest thing that will give you more wishes is learning how to learn. And that's what this program is all about. It's about bite-sized lessons every single day for 30 days to change your habit completely.

Because first you create this habit of having a super brain and then it creates you right back. And so every single day is very specifically designed to jumpstart your brain so you can jumpstart your day so you can have better focus, so you can have greater productivity. And so this is what we focus on.

We do lessons. On, for example, how to have focus when you read. 'cause leaders are readers, right? Mm-hmm. But people can't remember what they read. How do you remember what you read? We do lessons, for example, on how to learn another language. A lot of people, they wanna learn a second or third language. Maybe they're doing international business, maybe they want to travel abroad.

How do you learn that language? 200 or 300% faster. And so again, stay to the end of this because we're gonna show you a very small [00:52:00] clip of what you're gonna get and how to remember names. Because remembering names and faces is critical. I mean, just forgetting someone's name could kill a sale or hurt a relationship.

So let's say you walk into a room and you have conversations with people, but a lot of people, they forget the conversations and they're like, oh, I forgot what I needed to do. I forgot what I needed to say. And so these memory lapses. What happens is, I believe two of the most costly words in your life are, I forgot.

I forgot. I forgot to do it. I forgot to bring it. I forgot that conversation. I forgot that meeting. I forgot that anniversary. I forgot that person's name. Every single time you say those words to yourself, you lose time, you lose productivity, you lose credibility, and you lose income also and opportunity.

And so my goal with this program is really to fix your forgetfulness, is to be able to clear the mental fog, is to be able to get rid of that fatigue so you could show up the way you're supposed to be able to show up. And we call that your super brain because yes, it's gonna teach you to memorize anything that you wanna be able to memorize, but not just memorize it to really [00:53:00] understand it.

So you could apply it easily and effectively. If you're watching this now, you're a special person. You've gotten to the end, you are a completer, right? And so I wanna give you mad respect, and I appreciate it because that's how people learn, because you have to show up. But the other thing you have to do is you have to take action and play full out.

So if you wanna join this program, the reason why I'm so excited about it, yes, you remember facts, figures, foreign languages, and all that information, you have a youthful brain that it really could have so much impact on your productivity, your performance, your peace of mind, your profitability, but also the other things you wanna remember besides, those are three things You wanna remember your loved ones, right?

One of my reasons why I'm doing this is my, my grandmother, um, had Alzheimer's. And when she passed away, when I was a young child, she didn't even remember my name and she didn't even recognize me. And growing up with those kind of, you know, my inspiration really was my, my desperation. Because I was struggling with all, with all these things and I didn't understand as a kid, I'm struggling with it.

And then I see this, is this [00:54:00] genetic? Am I gonna have to realize this? And then what I realized though in the research is only one third of your mental potential, your memory is predetermined by genetics and biology. But two thirds is completely in your control. And I just came back from doing a program at the Cleveland Clinic, the Center for Brain Health.

And in America, that's like the place they do all the research on Alzheimer's and dementia, and they do the best caregiving. And I was there training their doctors, their caregivers, their patients on how to have this super brain through prevention, right? All the things you could do now. So you don't have to deal with those things later.

And so you wanna remember your loved ones. The second L, you wanna be able to remember why Super brain is so important is your life. Is your life. Because if your life is worth living, it's worth remembering. And most people, they don't remember those moments, those magical moments that really affected them.

Mm-hmm. They don't even remember what they had for breakfast. And that's not normal, so I wanna be able to fix that so you can remember your life. Bruce Lee said The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering. So you have your loved [00:55:00] ones, you have your life. The third thing I would say, the reason you have a super brain is to remember your lessons.

Your lessons. There's this quote about insanity, and I'm sure you've heard it a million times. It's doing the same thing over and over again expecting a different result. And that's for me is like you going around learning how you've always been learning. It's like, why would you do that? We grew up with a 20th century education that hasn't changed in like.

The 200 years, it was cookie cutter, one size fits all. Everyone's the same. Don't talk to your neighbor. But we live in an age of electric cars and spaceships that are going to Mars. But our vehicle choice when it comes to learning is like a horse and buggy. Right? And people can't, they don't, they don't learn that way.

And so how do you make it more active? And I would say is, you know, insanity is that same thing. Why read the same way you're reading and getting sleepy and your mind wanders? Why keep on forgetting names? Why doing the same path? And I, and someone told me we were talking about this, like Jim, that's not insanity.

Doing the same thing over and over again, expecting a different result. That's a result of a poor memory. Because you're not remembering the [00:56:00] lessons. So how many people watching make the same mistakes in their relationship or they date the same person because they're not remembering the lesson from the previous lesson, or maybe they're making the same financial mistakes, they're repeating that over and again, or they're making the same health mistakes, they're eating the same bad foods, or not working out because you don't remember the lessons.

And so part of having a super memory or a super brain, if you will, is just, keys are just being a better person. Meaning care about a person, you remember their name and also be present. So this is the art of memory, is the art of attention. If you feel like you're distracted, you don't have the focus in your life, you can't get things done.

You come home at night and you're a to-do list, you didn't even get anything checked off and you're wondering what happened. And you want the opposite. You're like, you wanna come home and you wanna come fresh, and you would be confident. And you're like, someone says, how was your day? You're like, I crushed it.

And part of that is comes from unlocking this thing called your super brain. It is your greatest gift for yourself. For your family, for your work, and for the world. [00:57:00] 

Speaker 52: Thank you, Jim. So ask yourself this question, right? How much would it be worth to you if you could automatically remember what you needed to say if you were giving an important speech?

If you were getting on stage because you have this super brain, what would it be worth to you if you woke up every morning and you knew exactly what to do to train your brain to function at higher levels of processing so that you are smarter throughout the day? What would it be worth to you to have greater brain health so you reduce the odds of age-related diseases impacting your brain?

What would it be worth to you to be able to remember names and faces better so that everybody remembered you as that person? That made them feel important. What would it be worth to you to be able to become so sharp in terms of your idea generation, your memory, that immediately your performance at work goes up, your career starts rising, your salary starts going up.

What would it be worth to you to be able to have a better vocabulary and to be able to remember languages better so you can pick up the next language? I'm actually about [00:58:00] to go in a course to study Estonian, which is the language from the country where my wife is born and I've been afraid to take this course, but I'm taking Super Brain and then I'm taking my Estonian course as soon as I'm done with Super Brain.

What would it be worth to you to be able to remember numbers better? Facts, figures, data. What would it be worth to you to be able to read at twice the rate and remember information at twice the rate that alone. Makes this program work so much. Yeah. I 

jim kwik: think that session alone, that one day out of the 30 day plus right, is, is worth it alone.

Speaker 52: And, and for those of you who want need to Mindvalley know that Mindvalley, it doesn't just bring you the best teachers. Jim obviously is the guy who's training all of these incredible, um, ni na people around the world. Just check out his Instagram. Now we know some of you might be thinking about enrolling in Super Braden, which as of this year has become the most popular program on Mindvalley.

It has the highest number of students. Well, here's what people are saying about Super Brain and and what it's done for them. And I wanna share this from our fellow Mindvalley students so you have an idea of what Super Brain might be able to do for you as well. So, [00:59:00] Jennifer Lin Beck, she's been using this to give speeches without notes and to read faster.

Chirag Swally, who's really popular in all our online Mindvalley tribes. He said this has made him upgrade his brain without supplements. Jackie Scott used it to pursue her dream of becoming a nutritionist and a fitness expert. Ronnie Bed said, I learned so much about how to learn. Rebecca Archer letter.

Get this, her reading speed went up from 242 words per minute to 624 words per minute. That's almost the ability to read two and a half times more books a week. But, but, but get this, she also lost 25 pounds after following Jim's simple morning routine video. And a big question we get is, is this suitable for my entire family?

Check this out. This is Hui Jiang from Malaysia, who takes Super Brain with his kids. We also have what is perhaps the most sophisticated learning platform in the world. When you go [01:00:00] in this program, we don't let you sit behind and not practice it. Our completion rates for our program are up to 500% better than traditional online courses.

And this is true the Quest methodology where you're going on a 30 day journey, a 30 day transformation with 2000 other students, we all start on the same day and every day you get coached by gym for 10 to 20 minutes. Every day and each day stacks up and then you get access to a community where all 2000 students are sharing ideas and insights, and that is so inspiring.

People actually make friends in this community, and we've seen people travel to other countries to visit friends that they make. Now. Combining all of this, the micro learning, the platform, the the community with the technology, you can literally, it comes with an Apple TV app as a bonus. It comes with an iPad app, an Android app, and an iPhone app.

And you can also, of course watch this on Mindvalley home on your desktop as well. So there's no excuse you can listen to this when you are on the road and [01:01:00] all of that is just a bonus. What you will see is that at the end of 30 days, you experience a mash of shift. Now we're so confident about this, Jim, that we are able to promise this to our students.

If you even have the slightest bit of hesitation. Jump on this because not only are you gonna get one of the best pricing out there, this program is worth, because it's a coaching program, it's worth upwards of a thousand dollars. All the information is in below. Go ahead and roll and we'll see you in the Super Brain quest.

Now, I wanna share with you, with with the audience a couple of other really exciting things. This program is coming with a number of different bonuses. When you enroll today, you get bonus one, which is gym training you on how to overcome procrastination. Jim, why is this important? 

jim kwik: Well, a lot of us are going out there.

We're trying to achieve things, but we put things off. I mean, if you're not getting the things that you need to get done, when you need to get it done, then you're not being effective. And there's a difference between being a thermostat and a thermometer. A thermometer is just something that reacts to the environment and responds to the [01:02:00] environment.

But a thermostat is different. It sets a standard, it sets a vision, it sets a goals, and you have a lot of tasks to you need to be able to accomplish. And then all of a sudden the environment. Rises to be able to meet that. And if you're watching this, I see you as a thermostat and not a thermometer because you're making things happen.

So this bonus is worth the entire course alone because if you can't get things done, then you're in a prison. So I teach you the five keys to smash procrastination so you get things done and get it done quickly. 

Speaker 52: And that's just one of several bonuses. You also get a second bonus, which is called your eight Cs to muscle memory.

Tell us about that. 

jim kwik: So this is a really fun bonus. A lot of people like we're talk about memory, it's about logical cerebral things, but what about people who wanna learn new dance or a martial arts or a new exercise of physical movements? And so this is gonna fast track your results and shortcut your results to be able to get things in your body so you can learn things like aerobics or dance 

Speaker 52: or dance moves or Zumba or martial arts.

That's so funny. And then the third bonus is the one I'm waiting for most because remember when Jim started this masterclass, he told you [01:03:00] that the first thing he does when he wakes up is remember his dreams. And I'm think. I've been trying to remember my dreams for three decades. Yeah. So the third bonus is on remembering your dreams.

How about that? 

jim kwik: Because remember, you're coming up with creative solutions for your problems. You're integrating these things, coming up with inventions and incredible things for your business. But if you're forgetting it first thing in the morning, then you're at a huge disadvantage. So I'm gonna show you the six keys for remembering all your dreams.

Speaker 52: So stay tuned 'cause we're gonna give you a bonus snippet from this question, remembering faces. But first, we know that when we are rolling a quest like this, there are four common questions that people ask, right? And Jim, I want you to spend just a minute or so just addressing these questions. The first one is, who is this quest?

Okay, 

jim kwik: so this quest is for two kinds of people. People that we tend to attract are people either who are struggling, they're struggling and they're suffering. They're wondering why they're working so hard, but they're not getting quite the results that, that they show up. And it doesn't matter if you're a student, a senior, an educator or entertainer, a [01:04:00] CEO or a celebrity or anyone between, it's for anyone who has a brain that they feel like there's more, that you feel like there's a specialness inside of you, you just haven't been able to unlock it.

That's the program for you. The other kind of people who join this quest are the people who are already successful. They're mega successful, the kind of clients that I work with, and they want that edge. They want that advantage 'cause people are, are working really hard to take them off the top and they want to be able to sustain their success over time.

Not just sustain it, but sustain it. So it doesn't matter. This will work for you regardless of your age, your background, your career, your diet. This was designed for everybody that has a brain that wants to make it super. 

Speaker 52: Now the second thing is, how fast do you see 

jim kwik: results? Okay, so this is the exciting part, okay?

Even from the first few days, you could get a major result and you won't. It's so interesting. One different idea might not seem like a big shift, but over time, or let's say 30 days, you haven't reached a certain different destination or a destiny. So little shifts don't seem like a lot, but over 30 [01:05:00] days it's very big.

So little things that you learn even in the first 10 days will absolutely transform your life. It's really about transcending, transcending, which is ending the trans, ending the nce, that you're not good enough, that you're not smart enough, that you're too old or you're not. You have the genetics. This will give you that advantage 

Speaker 52: and, and I can attest to that because just one conversation with this man shifted the way I remember faces and names and, and, and you're gonna learn that 10 minutes.

So the next question is, how much time commitment will this involve? 

jim kwik: Okay, so the time commitment, this is the best part. It's bite size. If you don't have 10 or 20 minutes to be able to make your life easier, then this program is not for you. Or you should probably buy two of them because you really need this program.

But this is for you or your family if you wanna be able to make more time. Because being more efficient and be able to remember things where you put things. A lot of people actually wasted an incredible amount of time, where did I put this? Where's the meeting? They lose all this track. It only takes about 10 or 20 minutes to be able to get these kind of results every single day.

Speaker 52: And uh, finally, I [01:06:00] wanna, I want just add this, this program is 10 to 20 minutes a day, which is the methodology we used for Quest. But this program, after the first week itself, it's adding time to your life. Yeah, I can attest to this. It's adding time because you operate at such a higher level of efficiency that you buy back your life.

It's incredible when you think about it that way. And I also wanna state this and I'm gonna make a, um, a very, uh, important promise here. I set a goal at Mindvalley with our team that every program we put out would have to be the singular best program in the world of its type. And we engineered this program with Jim, who I believe is the single greatest coach in this genre, and we put it on the Mindvalley Quest platform, which I believe is the single best learning platform in this field.

The reason we charge a tiny fraction of that course is because one of Mindvalley's other aims is to touch a billion lives. And we know that not everybody can afford a $2,000 program. We want to give you something that you can afford because we [01:07:00] know that every single person who buys this program, every mom, every dad, every boss, every manager, you're gonna be teaching these techniques to your, your team members, to your kids.

Imagine what would happen if your children learn this. So when you buy this program, you are also gaining the ability to teach others. So I want you to invest in this program and compare it to any program in speed learning. Our aim is to produce the very best in the world, the defacto standard that we are getting out to schools and companies all, all across the world.

And I believe in this man. So, um, all of that information is below. Go ahead and enroll in Super Brain by Jim Quick and Mindvalley. And now Jim, let's give the audience that bonus piece of content that we promise. But first, do you have any final closing words? 

jim kwik: I wanna thank you for watching this masterclass because if you're still watching this, you're a special soul.

And I'm often quoted with this saying that compares your life to an egg. That if an egg is broken by an outside force, life ends, but if it's broken by an inside force, [01:08:00] life begins and all great things begin on the inside, and you have genius inside of you, and you have greatness inside of you, and it's time to let it out.

Speaker 52: Thank you, Jim. And now we're gonna give you that special bonus content on remembering names and faces. Just a second, guys. I know this is weird. I just jumped into my own masterclass, but I wanted to update you on a really cool innovation that we just released on Mindvalley, and it happened since I recorded that past episode.

So what we find is that so many of our top students love the programs that they enroll in, that they enrolled in a second program and a third program and a thought program because the fact is, once you get in a mind value quest, you get so hooked. What we are really good at is making learning as exciting as a computer gate.

When you wake up every day and you are spending your 10 to 20 minutes with your designated trainer and you feel your life shift, it creates such a remarkable feeling. But what happens when you finish that program? Well, people come back to Mindvalley [01:09:00] and they enroll in the second and the third program that that can get expensive.

So we launch something called Mind Doll, all Access and what this means. Is that you get access to everything for less than $2 a day. So what does this look like? Well, firstly, you now have access to the top teachers and trainers in the world, and every new teacher coming onto Mindvalley is automatically added to your account.

You take a fun self-assessment, which will help you view your life from a holistic perspective and know what to focus on. You then choose your adventure, the program that you want to take, and it's only five to 20 minutes a day because our teachers are so effective. Every day you are developing new skills, new attitudes, new mindsets, new beliefs, and at the end of each month, you've uplevel.

Maybe you're now reading three times as fast, or your health has completely transformed, or you've [01:10:00] improved your spiritual abilities for energy healing or manifesting so many people. That the number one thing that we need to do in life to achieve all our wildest dreams, to have career success, to give back to our family and the world, is to focus on becoming the best you you can be.

And this means investing in your personal growth. Think about what that will do for your life and the lives of everyone you touch. Scroll down below and enroll in mind. Value all access. All our programs are going to be open and available to you, so you get to choose your own adventure. 

testimonial: All of those hours you can freak out.

jim kwik: I really want to anchor this subject down because I think if there's one skill to master nowadays in business and networking, when you're going to all these conferences and such, is your ability to remember people's name. Because it is impossible to show that you care for somebody if you don't care enough just to [01:11:00] remember their name, right?

So people don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. And it's impossible to show someone you're gonna care for their health, their finances, their family, their future, anything that's important to 'em. If you don't just care enough to remember their name, right? Maya Angelou said, people will forget what you say.

They'll forget what you did, but they'll never forget how you made them feel. And a name's the sweetest sound to a person's ears. And so many people tell me they're so embarrassed. They're so forgetful. They, they feel so bad when they have to ask for a person's name, 2, 3, 4 times. And so let's fix that.

Let's fix this forgetfulness. Right now I'm gonna teach you a method on how to remember the names and faces of almost every single person that you meet, and that's extraordinary, right? And so we want to take you from Zero to Memory Hero during this lesson. So let's get started. First of all, I want you to [01:12:00] remember, mom, we covered this earlier, we covered mom, but I want you to just remember, motivation, observation, and mechanics.

The motivation is wanting to remember a person's name. So ask yourself, why do I wanna remember this person's name? Because if you don't come up with one reason, you're not gonna remember that person's name. Come up with one or two reasons. I wanna practice these techniques. I want to show the person respect.

I wanna make a new friend. I wanna do some business. Couple reasons will help elevate your motivation and you're more likely to remember it. The O is just observation. It's not your retention, it's your attention. Pay attention. Listen for the person's name. A lot of you aren't forgetting the person's name, you're just not really listening.

Remember, listen, scramble. That word becomes the word silent, so just pay attention. And finally, the other M and Mom stands for mechanics. And that's what I'm gonna give you right now. The mechanical skills, step-by-step on how to remember names. So I want you to remember this next time you're out and about at some social function, at a wedding, at a networking event, at a a fest, you know, [01:13:00] one of these conferences, summit, these kind of gatherings.

What you want to do is do this, look in the mirror. And as you're checking your clothes or your makeup or anything else, I want you to say to yourself, I am going to be suave. Be suave. Remember, be suave. And this is what it stands for. The be stands for believe. Because if you believe you can or believe you can't either way.

What? You're right. Who said that? Henry Ford said that, right? That's the power of a belief. So you wanna eliminate the negative self-talk. Every time you say, I'm not gonna remember names or my memory is so horrible, you don't wanna say that. Replace it with something more empowering. The E in B swab stands for exercise.

And I don't mean physical exercise, although we talked about people who are more physically active will do better at mental acuity tests. They have better focus and they'll have a better memory. Because anything good for your heart is gonna be good for your head. But I mean practice, when I say exercise, practice makes progress.

Practice makes permanent, right? And so you wanna be able to practice what you're about to learn. Now, [01:14:00] suave, this is the actual technique. When you meet somebody, the first thing I want you to do is the S. And you say the person's name. You meet someone named Ted, and you say, Ted, it's nice to meet you. Right.

So, hi, my name is Ted, and you say, Ted, it's nice to meet you. How many times did you hear it? You heard it twice. Once from the person. Once when you repeated it. The other reason why I ask you to say it is because I wanna make sure going back to the oh and mom, that you observed it correctly. You don't wanna have a 20 minute conversation with Ted and say goodbye ed.

Right? Because you wanna get corrected right at the beginning. The U in Suave stands for, use the name. Use the name in the conversation. But notice it's U, it's not abuse, right? You wanna put an A in a B in front of it. That would be abuse. And abuse would be, Ted is great to meet you. Ted, you wanna grab some lunch?

Ted, what do you wanna cover today? Ted? Ted. Ted. That's an abuse, but you wanna use it three or four times in the context of the conversation. The A and Suave stands for [01:15:00] Ask 'cause what's everyone's favorite subject? It's not travel, it's not food, it's not entrepreneurship. What is it? It's themselves, right?

Remember the name is the sweetest sound to person's ears. The ask is really good. Also, when you meet somebody and their name is a little bit different than what you're used to, maybe you're hearing a name for the first time. So you could ask about a person's name. What can you ask about a person's name?

How do you spell it? Where is it from? Who are you named after? Are you related to this person? Right? Does it mean something in another language? You could ask all these probing questions. And remember, people don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. And asking about a name is so important.

And I remember I was doing this training at the country's largest life insurance company, and it was about a hundred people in the room. And the training director's name was Nanta Nanta. And I was like, wow, that's a beautiful name. Where is it from? How do you spell it? And I said, what does it mean? And she paused and I was like, Nanta, what?

What does it mean? And she looked at her coworkers and she said, it means graceful [01:16:00] falling water. And I was like, wow, that's really beautiful. And notice having her coworkers were reacting when she said that. I said, Nikita, how long have you worked here? She's like, uh, four or five years. She was like, with people here?

She's like, yeah, a lot of people are my friends. They were at my wedding. And I asked the audience, I said, how many people in this room knew that's what her name meant? And out of a hundred plus people, how many people raised their hand? Zero. Zero. Right? And we had an incredible bond, because remember a name.

Think about the emotion connected to someone's name. It's probably one of the very first words. You learn how to write for yourself and how much reinforcement, how much encouragement, how much love were you given when you wrote your name, right? So it's very tender. It's like your identity, right? And so I ask about a person's name.

And then finally the V and the E and swab. The V stands for visualize how many people are better with faces than they are with names. It's like everybody, right? You go to someone and you say, you know, I recognize, I remember your. But I forgot your name. [01:17:00] You never go to someone and say the opposite. You never go to someone and say, Hey, I remember your name, but I forgot your face.

You don't say that, right? Because you tend to remember what you see. There's a Chinese proverb that goes, what I hear, I forget what I see. I remember what I do. I understand what I hear. I forget. I heard the name, forgot the name. What I see, I remember I saw their face. I remember their face. What I do, I understand.

Going back to exercise and practice. Practice makes progress, right? So what do you do when you wanna visualize someone's name? It's simple. All you do is when you receive the name, turn that name into a picture. Turn into a picture, because we remember what we see. If you tend to remember what you see, then just see what you wanna remember inside.

So for example, if a person's name is Mary. When I say the word Mary, what could remind you of the word Mary? Marry someone getting married, right? Imagine meeting Mary for the first time and just imagine she's in a wedding dress and you're getting married, right? And would you remember that? Of course you would.

And so when you say goodbye to Mary, later on, you'll remember that too. Maybe it's [01:18:00] not a wedding dress. Maybe Mary had a little lamb. So imagine meeting Mary for the first time, and she's getting punched at the punch bowl, and she has two arms. Her arms underneath her arms are two lambs. Mary had a little lamb, she has two lambs underneath her arms.

And you're like, well, that's so childish. Who are the fastest learners on the planet? Children and children make fun of names, right? They'll take someone's name and they'll just, they'll, they'll repeat it and they'll, they'll rhyme it. They'll do all these things. That's how children learn names, right?

They're fast learners. And so I would say, remember Mary had a little lamb. When you say goodbye to her, oh, what was she doing? She was holding those lambs. What's her name? Her name is Mary, and person's name is Mark. What can you picture? Person is Mark. Just imagine you're putting a little check mark on their forehead.

Mark introduced themselves and he just put a little check mark on his forehead that reminds you, 'cause, and by the way, this isn't the privacy of wear. This is the privacy of your own mind. You're not sharing this with Mark, right? Just a little check mark. And you wouldn't do that. And if it makes you laugh or something like that, that's why you remember it.

Now, by the way, when you're out and about, I don't see everything like lambs and check [01:19:00] marks and everything else like that. I, what happens is after you remember the person's name, like then the picture disappears. But I ask you to do this method, this visualization method, because it overcomes what I call the six second syndrome.

Six second syndrome is this. Somebody gives you their names. You have six seconds to do something with that name. Otherwise, what happened? It'll just disappear. So if a person's name is Mike, what could you picture? Someone singing on a microphone. You meet someone named Mike, and all of a sudden they jump on the table and singing karaoke on a microphone.

You won't forget that. It's visual. It's imaginative. When you say goodbye. Oh, that was the guy singing bad karaoke. What's his name? Mike, right? And so a person's name is Carol. You could picture what somebody, caroling, right? A person's name is John. You can picture what. Whatever, whatever you picture. So the idea here is visual.

You make a picture of it, put it on the person, and finally, the E in B Suave stands for end. What does that mean? That means saying goodbye, ending the [01:20:00] conversation using their name, right. Ted, it's nice to meet you, John. Have a great day. This is what it does because if you could walk into a room and meet 20 strangers and leave saying goodbye to every single one of them by name, who are they all gonna remember?

They're all gonna remember you, and that's a standout skill. Okay, so here's your quick review. Remember, M, O, M, and B suave motivation, observation, mechanics. And what's the BS swab? B stands for what? Say it out loud. Believe. Believe. You can believe you can't. Either way. You're right. The E is exercise practice.

'cause practice makes what? Practice makes progress. The S in Suave stands for say the name. You say the name when you hear it. The U in Suave is you use it three or four times in the conversation. The A in Suave is ask everyone loves being asked about themselves as the favorite subject. How do you spell it?

Where's it from? What does it mean? Ask about a person's name. The V stands for visualize. We tend to remember what we [01:21:00] see and try seeing what you wanna remember. Take a name like David for me, David, I use a slingshot. I just hit the person, David in the eyes with a slingshot in the privacy of my own mind, in my imagination, not in reality.

Why do I use a slingshot for David? David and Goliath. For Bob, I use Apples bobbing for what? Apples right? You can come up with so many and that's gonna be your homework. Finally, the E stands for end. You end the conversation using their name. So what's your Homer assignment? Really simple. I want you to practice taking names and turning them into a picture.

Now, the best way I can imagine doing this is go online for your country and look at the top names, the top names for your census, right? Maybe it's the top baby names, maybe it's top male names, female names. And what I want you to do is practice taking each name and turn it into a picture. And here's the really smart thing when you do that.

For example, in the United States, if I take the top a hundred names in the as males, if I come up with a picture for every single one of them, [01:22:00] like, you know, John is a toilet and David is a slingshot, and Bob is apples. If I do the first a hundred names, I have pictures for 60% of the male population in the United States.

If I do it for females in the United States, for example, the top a hundred NA female names, I'll actually have 40% of the US population already done. And so what I want you to do is go online for your country, come up with the top a hundred names that are most used, and you might as well practice with them because those are the most used names.

Practice turning them in into pictures. So what I want you to do is when you have those list of names, is sharing and teach it to other people. 'cause when you teach something, you get to learn it twice. So go into our community and share it with the tribe. Find your favorite names in your country and practice and share with everybody what your word pictures are for those names.

Speaker 52: Thank you so much, Jim. It's an honor to have you. This man is about to get on stage at a fest and speak to this massive audience of like celebrities and CEOs about getting into genius states of consciousness. Good luck with that and I can't [01:23:00] wait to see you guys in the super brain quest where you're gonna be coached by Jim Quick to get your mind and your brain to a whole different level in 30 days.

jim kwik: I wish your days be full. Lots of life, lots of laughter, lots of love, and always lots of learning. I'll see 

testimonial: you inside.

Jim Quick. Jim. Quick Jim. Quick Jim. Quick Jim. Quick. 

Speaker 56: Jim. Quick. Thank you. I thought I was losing my mind. I've fallen so far behind. I think I've depended too much on my electronics and, uh, now I have to look to Jim. 

Speaker 55: Jim Quick was absolutely an inspiration to me and Jim is someone who's been teaching this for years.

Speaker 56: Like he teaches people how to learn. 

Speaker 55: I thought his technique was very simple to use. I was in, in awe of his ability to, to capture and transform his [01:24:00] mind and remember all the details that I learned. I feel now, like I can remember everybody's name. All these exercises were so, so incredible and being able to remember things so, so simply.

T True shows us really the potential of what's possible when you apply the right learning tools to expand your mind. I actually doubled my reading speed in just after just a 10 minute practice. 

Speaker 56: And these are some of the things that that Gene Quick teaches you using some of his. Tools and techniques, I'm actually gonna be able to get more outta life by being a better student.

I feel like it's gonna change my business, change my life, 

Speaker 55: and I'm just gonna blow people's minds when I remember everybody's name. I have an amazing memory now, 

Speaker 56: Jim. I'm a new man. Thank you. I just have to say it was phenomenal. I really feel that I got a a system now in place. I 

Speaker 55: wanna become the best version of myself by using the best tools that I have already.

Speaker 56: Absolutely mind blowing, and you walk the top. 

Speaker 55: He is a genius. He was fantastic. [01:25:00] Loved him. It was mind blowing. He's a superhero to me. He's a brave superhero, so I'm very excited about him.

