This woman is an anomaly. Harper's Bazah magazine featured her on the cover and said
she is the author of the world's number one manifestation method. And as I got to
know her story, I got blown away by what she pulled off. Get this. Just less than
10 years ago, this woman had only $8 in her bank account. Today, she has 600 acres
of land in Costa Rica where she's building her own resort empire. She has a
business that does over $22 million a year. And every aspect of a life seems to be
blessed by remarkable luck. What makes Reagan Hillier the woman she is, she says it
is the set of rules, principles, and ideas on mind over reality that she got to
learn through a series of mentors over the last decade. And in this video
presentation, we're going to be sharing some of those ideas with you. My name is
Vishen Lachian. I'm the creator of Mind Valley, the world's biggest personal
transformation company. Mind Valley has 20 million followers globally, and I've
interviewed close to 1 ,000 luminaries in every aspect of improving the human
experience. When it comes to manifesting the idea that our minds can influence our
body and reality and move us in a much easier way towards our goals, one name
stands out. And it's Regan Hillier. So I got Regan to sit down with me and take
us through her story because there's so many gems of wisdom in the story itself,
and to also share with her some of the key principles that She trains the
her story because perhaps you're going through some period of your life right now
that is far from ideal. Maybe heartbreak, maybe you're at a financial ceiling, maybe
you're broke, maybe you're going through a health issue. If you're going through any
of these issues, listen to Regan's story because you'll see how you might be able
to overcome these. My life absolutely was a miss. I remember when I was living in
an amazing apartment in Melbourne. I had started a company and was starting to do
well. And I was going about my normal morning. I'd made my cup of coffee and I
saw this letter slide under the door. I thought, why is a letter coming under the
door? It should go to the post office. And so I grabbed the letter and I opened
it and I started to read and I felt absolutely sick to my stomach. The letter said
that I had 48 hours to get out of the apartment. I was being evicted. And I
thought to myself, you know, this can't be right. And so I logged onto my internet
banking to check why the rent payment hadn't gone through and I realized that I had
$8 .70 left in my bank account. I started to panic. My heart was racing.
I thought to myself, I can't tell all of my friends and family that have been
telling me I'm going to fail that I'm in this situation. I called one of my
friends that I trusted in Melbourne. His name was Theo, And I explained to him what
was happening. And I said, I don't have anywhere to sleep. Could I come and stay
with you? And he said, yes, but I have a one -bedroom apartment. You can sleep on
my couch. I said, okay, I'll take it. And I turned up there, and I was sitting on
this couch whilst my friend paid for my food. And I had my head and my hands,
and I just remember thinking to myself, how did I get here? The vision of my life
that I was trying to manifest was so big and so grand and so exciting yet I was
so far from that. I had lost everything. I had no money. I was in a place where
I was extremely unhealthy. I was working so hard trying to make everything work that
I was barely eating to the point where I developed an eating disorder and I used
to just collapse on the floor. I was having upwards of eight coffees a day. I
started going deep into learning wealth creation strategies. I studied Forex trading,
how to trade dot com businesses, sales in marketing. I went to so many different
wealth conferences, but nothing was actually working. I was trying to start businesses
and they were failing. I was stressed out. I was time poor. I was still unhealthy.
I was lost. I was broke and I was confused. And then one thing happened that
changed everything. I knew I had to do something different to get a different result
in my life. So out of total desperation, I enrolled into a wealth creation event.
This event was $5 ,000. I did not have $5 ,000. I borrowed money and put it on a
credit card, but I was committed to being there. But something very interesting
happened and I later realized why it was extremely important for me to be at this
event. I was sitting near the back of the room because I was also one of the
youngest people in the room. I felt like I didn't fit in at all. And I was
sitting there and this older man came and sat next to me. He must have been in
its mid -60s. He was wearing a beautiful blue jacket, and little did I know that
this man, whose name was Simon, was actually one of the consultants and mentors to
some of the greatest teachers when it comes to mindset, manifestation, and personal
development. And we were sitting there, and in this moment, I felt safe with him,
and I started sharing with him the reality of where I was at in my life. It's
like it all spilled out of me all at once, And he could tell that I was right on
the edge of giving up. I said to him, you know, Simon, maybe I'm not cut out for
this. Maybe I'm not cut out for this dream life that I'm creating on these vision
boards. And he said something that completely flipped my reality. He said, Regan,
don't you realize anything that you desire to create and manifest in your life? You
have to do it a specific way. He said, right now you're pushing, you're hustling,
you're working so hard, but you're putting all that energy in the wrong direction.
You're totally focused on all the action that you're taking and everything outside of
you. He said, Regan, it's 80 % about your mind, your spirit, and your energetics.
What are you doing about that? And I realized that I had no idea what he actually
meant by that. So that sent me off on a whole new path. I kept meeting up with
Simon. And every time I connected with him, he started laying out protocol after
protocol after protocol, step by step. And I was a good student. I took
when I started learning tools such as NLP and hypnosis and energy work. However, I
went from $8 .70 to over a million dollars in one year before I was 23 years old.
So I thought to myself, well, if that's possible, then what else could I create in
my life? So I continued on. I created a branding company, a dating education
company, I generated multiple millions of dollars. And then I decided, what if I
could manifest even more time in my life to actually do what I really, really,
really love? So I started playing with that and I got to a place where I was 27
years old and I was only working
and really refining the tools and the practices that I was using. And then I
decided to work with a very small handful of people. These were 10 people that had
been asking me for help. So I started sharing the practices, the methods and the
protocols. And the strangest thing happened, they started coming back to me and
thanking me because they were completely changing their lives. And when I saw that
it was working, I went even deeper into the tools, even deeper into the protocols.
I started creating my own methods around this and I built this into a whole series
of work called the energetic architecture method. This method is what I use in the
Mind Valley Quest the out of manifesting but more on that later. So as Regan went
deep into these principles she started noticing that there were three primary reasons
that people don't truly manifest what they want. So the first reason is called the
broken radio syndrome. This is what is happening when there's a frequency mismatch
between you and what you're looking to manifest. Just like when you're trying to
tune the radio to get the signal to hear it but you can't and it sounds scratchy
and horrible and you just want to turn it off, many people are living their life
like that. Now this frequency mismatch happens when your internal reality is not
conditioned to be effectively wired to where you're actually going. And this shows up
in the form of limiting beliefs, negative constructs, stuck emotions, self -sabotized
patterns, and so many other pieces within your internal reality, which actually block
you, stop you and slow you down from manifesting what you desire with ease and with
grace. So to solve this problem, I started teaching people how to tune their inner
radio. I started teaching people how to shift and recalibrate their frequency from
the inside out in order to become an energetic match for what they're calling in.
Now when you learn how to do this, your manifestations show up in a way where it's
fast and easy simply because you're in sync with what is coming towards you. And
this is just the first problem. And I can vouch for this. I witnessed this myself.
Right here on stage yesterday in front of 800 people, several students of Reagan, we
asked them to come on stage and share their stories. This is what they shared. How
many of you here have actually studied Reagan's program? Could we get you guys to
come on stage and share some of your stories?
Stories. Who has a really amazing story? A manifest is being on stage with you.
Okay.
Next. I was playing very small as a leader. And this year I stepped out and
created a bunch of tribal events that fulfill myself and I can help others get out
of their comfort zone. Amazing. Next. Reagan, I shared this with you. I started at
the beginning of June and I signed a contract of 165K within three weeks. Amazing
stuff. Next. A healthy relationship with my father. Awesome.
I manifested a trip to the States to Florida with my family. I manifested the most
peaceful divorce ever. Wow.
I manifest my YouTube channel from 2K to 6K subscribers.
drive sessions. Wow.
I manifested the relationship with my soulmate and we just got engaged. Wow, that's
amazing.
I actually manifest brightly and publishing a book. I'm not 17, okay, but I made
it.
Manifested to just speak on stage here last week and I overcome myself to speak
public. Yeah. Congratulations.
So I was manifesting one book but it turned out to be three and it's expanding to
become a membership side as well.
To be confident enough to know that I can transform lives by reversing diabetes just
like I did. Wow. Yeah. A book and a theater full of people where I taught self
-healing. Awesome. Well, thank you so much, guys. Wasn't that amazing? Right.
And I know you must be so proud to be able to shift so many lives, but there's
the second principle. The second problem that people face is called the identity
mismatch. When we have this identity mismatch, this often shows up by you working
really hard and often even doing tools and practices when it comes to manifestation,
but the results just don't show up for you. Or they take a really, really, really
long time. Now, we don't get in life what we do. We get in life who we choose to
be. If we got what we do, then all the people working long hours right now would
be living their dream life, but that's just not the reality. So when you learn how
to deal with the mismatch in identity and you learn how to actually recode your
identity from the inside out, you start being the version of you that naturally and
effortlessly, attracts whatever it is that you desire into your life and into your
reality. The minute you crack the code on this problem, you notice that your results
accelerate and you're able to bring the version of you to the table that naturally
manifests what you desire. And this is another reason why we get so many letters
from people who have studied Reagan's program on Mind Valley, The Art of Manifesting,
about all the incredible things that they are bringing into their lives. But listen
carefully, because there's a third principle that you have to understand. And this is
really cool. It a different.
out the next year, the next five years, 10 years, 20 years to gradually evolve into
a higher, more conscious version of themselves. And then there's people that I work
with that take these principles and say, you know what, I don't want to wait 5,
10, 20 years. I want to access that version of me right now in order to then
create the external reflections in my life and in my reality. If you don't have a
profound and deep relationship with time, if you don't understand how to bend time.
If you don't understand how to collapse time so that your manifestations can come in
faster, then time is altering you. You can choose to alter time, but you need to
know how to actually overcome this problem first. And when you do, you start
realizing that goals that you set for maybe 12 months can show up in six months or
three months or maybe in one month or sooner. So when you understand how to use
this tool, you're able to literally import the information from your future and
integrate that into your consciousness in order to bring an entirely different version
of you to the table each and every single day. So you've now learned some of the
corrective principles that turn you from struggling to really manifesting life of your
dreams. But we can go further. There are approaches and techniques that Reagan
developed that she trains people all around the world on, including me. In fact,
Reagan is one of the few coaches on the planet that command one million dollars a
year from her top clients. Yes, people pay her $1 million a year for direct
coaching because of the results she gets many of these superstar clients. Listen to
her explains some of the principles that she brings to her clients. So Regan, take
us through what you teach in your program. Yes, so here are some of the tools that
I teach people in order for them to become powerful manifesters. Firstly, I show
people how to realign with their vision. So many people don't get what they actually
desire in their life because they don't understand how to create an alignment with
their vision. We are often not conditioned to think big because of the programming
from our family, from society, from so many people that aren't supporting us in
accelerating forward in our manifestations. And if we don't deal with this, what
happens is that we default to the unconscious programs that are sitting underneath
the surface. So I show people how to handle that and how to go in and create the
vision for your life in any area of your life that is actually in alignment with
your highest potential. One of the other things that I teach people is that I show
them how to expand their capacity to receive. We can only receive what we have the
capacity to hold energetically, in our minds, in every part of our being. Anything
you're looking to manifest is just energy. Money, love, fulfillment, purpose, it's all
energy, but can you hold it? This is why so many people might have a really big
vision for their life, but they're not able to manifest it because they don't
understand how to use this tool. You need to be creating the containers in your
unconscious system in order to hold your manifestations. And when people learn how to
do this, often they expand really quickly into the vision beyond their vision, the
manifestation beyond their manifestation, and it starts happening really quickly because
they're expanding into even more bigness when it comes to aligning to what they're
manifesting. Another tool that I work with people with is showing them how to shift
and clear their limitations. We always have limitations within us, no matter what
level of life that we are playing at. And we have fears, we have self -doubt, we
have limiting stories, we have unconscious programs, we have so many pieces that are
blocking us, slowing us down, and holding us back, from manifesting what we desire.
It's a little like you're in the car at this point and you're excited, you're
driving towards your vision, you're so close, you can see what's beyond it, then all
of a sudden, you look in the rear vision mirror and you notice that all of your
limits it's hanging out in the backseat, the fear, the doubt, the worry, and it's
almost like they come and they try and take over. They want you to get out of the
car, they want you to stop driving, but you're at a choice point. You can either
jump out of the car and say, oh, I'll just keep my life how it is. I don't want
to manifest anything, I'm fine, or you can choose to drive the car forward dealing
with those blocks and those limitations. I show you how to do that, and when people
learn how to do this, they're able to stand on the stage even if their knees are
shaking. They're able to say yes to that business deal, even if they're doubting
themselves still, they're able to move forward. Instead of letting these doubts, these
blocks, these limitations consume them. One of the tools that I help people go deep
with is the highest self -recalibration. When you start doing this, things tend to
happen fast. You learn how to bend time and space. You learn how to shift your
future reality into the right now, and manifestation starts showing up faster than
you even expected. One of the other tools that I work with
changes the energetics of your entire system, which means that when you call that
person, when you say yes to that business deal, when you meet that future lover,
things line up energetically and you're supported because you're moving in an aligned
way towards what you're manifesting and it's happening faster and faster and faster.
Now that's when Mind Valley decided to team up with Reagan after seeing how
effective her teaching methodology was and I've been working with her since 2017. In
2023, we released Reagan's new program on Mind Valley, The Art of Manifesting. All
of these principles, all of these tools are put together in a comprehensive 27 -day
journey where over 20 minutes a day and 27 days, you learn to become a master
manifester. Now, when we got this out to the world, very rapidly, it became the
number one program on Mind Valley out of 100 programs. So let's get real.
The world today has trained you. Our broken education system has told us that it's
all about the physical, right? That the way to success, the way to money is all
about striving, pushing, hard work. That's somewhat true, but that's only 20 % of
results. 80 % is your spirit and your mind. And any successful person who has nailed
it will say the same thing. When you correct your mindset, when you bring in the
spiritual energy that's inherent in all of us, we gain a new way to create our own
reality. This is what you learn in this incredible program, the missing piece in our
education system. It took us years to identify Regan. It took us years to build
this program because we wanted to get it right. We started seeking and putting
together manifesting programs as early as 2017, that nothing could deliver the results
that Regan was getting with her client.
still standing for you.
Thank you, Reagan Hillier. Thank you. Reagan changes lives and ask yourself,
what would it be worked to you to suddenly gain the tools to manifest just about
anything you want? Because remember, once you learn manifesting, you don't just apply
it to one thing. You can apply it to money, to help, to love, to freedom,
to pursuing your dreams, to waking up every day in the best emotional states, you
can apply it to change the lives of your family and friends. Check out some of
these incredible stories from users all around the world. Shah L from Kel, from
Kelona, Canada, wrote and published a 50 ,000 word book. And not only that,
but she said, I've booked speaking engagements for May with the intent of having
published books with me to sell. Gerald Savage used this in his trading business.
He said, last night, I started knowing something big was going to happen as I was
going through the program. Today I placed my first trade, guess what, over 80 %
return on that one trade. Vincent Lelot says that he started seeing money pop up
unexpectedly. Well, so far for me this year, received $7 ,151 .651 ,000 totally
unexpected without any work involved from two sources. What next is possible? Anne
Wilschcock said this helped her smash all of her goals in the gym. Her physical
therapist asked her, what have you been doing to gain so much strength? She was
inspired by Reagan using manifesting to transform her body in musculature. And of
course, there's hundreds more stories on our website. Now, with all of these amazing
stories, you can see how powerful this program is. And what I want to do is if
you are even somewhat curious about how to manifest your craziest dreams.
I want to invite you to jump into the art of manifesting. Now, let me explain how
the program works. The program is broken into seven parts, and I'm going to ask
Regan to explain these seven parts to you. So we start out with part number one,
and we go into the fundamentals of manifesting. This is really important so that
everything else can build on this. We break down what manifestation actually is, and
you learn the fusion between the science and the art of manifesting and how you can
then practically apply that before we go into the more advanced sections. We then go
into part two, which is powerful visioning, and I show you how to unlock the vision
that's waiting for you, a vision that's actually in alignment with your soul and
your highest potential. This is not just about creating a vision board and hoping it
will happen. These are practical tools and strategies that work really, really, really
fast. Part number three, we go into expanding your capacity to receive. I take you
deep into your energetic field using the energetic architecture method and show you
how to not just establish containers in your unconscious energetic reality, but how
to expand them. And when you learn how to do this, you learn how to actually
manifest on a higher level. You learn how to call in the dream beyond your dream,
the vision beyond your vision, and how to expand your consciousness so that you can
become the version that can actually hold higher level manifestations. Part four is
all about overcoming resistance. All humans have blocks and limitations which are
stopping them, slowing them down or holding them back from manifesting what they
desire. And so we look at how to recognize those blocks and those limits and then
how to alchemize them, how to shift them, how to transform them into useful energy
that actually propels you forward. Part five is all about stepping into the next
version of you. I show you how to access your highest self from five, 10 or even
20 years or more into your future. And I show you how to actually import that
information into your consciousness right now. So you can walk and talk and think
and act in a way where it aligns your manifestations for coming in faster. And then
we go into part six, which is about accelerating your physical results. This is
where we get into some of the even more advanced techniques. It becomes not a
question of will my manifestation happen, but when will it happen? And then the last
part, part number seven, is all about locking in your future. You'll see through
this program that manifestation is not something you just do for a few days and
then leave it. Manifestation is a lifestyle. It's a way of being. And choosing to
become a master manifester as a choice, and it's a set of skills that you will tap
into in this program and then have for life. This is why people that go through
this program don't just transform one area of their lives. They transform multiple
areas of their lives and they come back and use the tools in different ways in
different areas. And this last part ties it all together. It integrates everything
and accelerates your manifestations and then sets you up to manifest even more magic
into your life. Now this program is constructed in a really unique way. Not only is
it going to be speaking to your logical mind, not only are you going to learn the
principles, but Regan also speaks to your subconscious mind. In fact, within this
program is a really interesting eight -hour audio that you listen to as you're
sleeping. Regan, tell us what this does. So what this does is that when you go to
sleep, your conscious mind shuts down and we start playing this track to reprogram
your unconscious reality. So the best thing is, is that whilst you're sleeping, your
entire system is being upgraded and you're training yourself how to become a master
manifester whilst you're asleep. Now at this point, it's a no -brainer to enroll in
this program, and you're probably wondering about the price. Now, a program like this
could sell in the thousands, but because of Mind Valley's mission to get a billion
people onto our platform, and because of the economies of scale from being the
world's largest publisher of transformational education, we're able to bring this price
down to the number that you see on the page below. Simply scroll down and what
you're seeing here is a discounted price only available right now is a thank you
for you investing the time to watch this video presentation. All you have to do is
click the button to enroll. And I want you to know this. You don't even have to
make up your mind right now. All you have to do is say maybe because Mind Valley's
this 15 -day guarantee applies here. In other words, as soon as you click and roll,
you have 15 days to go through the entire program. You can literally complete this
program, and at the end of it, you can decide that if you don't so much as like
the design of the cover, you just have to go to your Mind Valley account, click,
cancel, and get a full refund. We call this the one -click refund. You do not have
to call a phone number. You do not have to write an email. It's completely in your
power. With one -click, you give yourself a refund. So you have everything to gain
and absolutely nothing to lose. You can take this entire program at no risk and
refund it if you feel this wasn't to your highest expectation and you have 15 days.
This is why Mind Valley has become the world's number one brand for transformation.
Check out this video from CNN. Transforming the lives of a billion people is the
aim of Vishin Lakiani, the founder of Mind Valley. I absolutely love,
love, love this app, Mind Valley. And this app really did change my life.
This is Zane Asher, the CNN correspondent, talking about how Mind Valley changed her
life. We didn't pay a PR company to get us on CNN. Zane Asher, the famous
correspondent, had her life changed so profoundly by Mind Valley. She asked CNN to
bring me on to interview me about the platform. You can catch this video on the
front page of mindvalley .com. And this is just one of 20 ,000 case studies available
on our website from people all around the world, world famous athletes, world famous
actors, even politicians who have used this platform to dramatically improve their
lives. So I hope you see that you are getting the world's number one manifesting
program on the world's number one transformation platform with the world's number one
manifesting teacher. And you are getting a discounted price so you can try this out.
You may be thinking this sounds too good to be true. Well, I'll tell you why we
do this. We want to build a platform that you will be a member of for life.
So we're hoping that when you jump on this platform, you fall so in love with the
education that you get, that every year you continue being a subscriber. Just like
very few people cancel their Netflix subscription because of the sheer volume of
entertainment and content that you get. We give you incredible amounts of training
and transformation, but it's not entertainment. This is the stuff that truly changes
your life. And we know that to change a billion people, we gotta get the pricing
really affordable, we gotta get the quality really high, and we gotta make this such
a part of your life that you wanna start every day with your mind -gallie
transformation. And here's where we come to the best part. You see, if it isn't
apparent to you right now, you're not just getting one program. I'm sure you'll
agree that anything under $500 for a program like this is super valuable, and you're
getting a much lower price, but you don't just get one program. You get all 100
plus programs on Mind Valley included, so you can dive in and start with Reagan's
Art of Manifesting. But then you can go into other programs. Perhaps you want to
master energy healing with Donna Eden, maybe speed reading with Jim Quick, maybe 10x
to help you get the body of your dreams. Maybe you want to go into the silver.
who love Mind Valley, that you give us 20 minutes extra a day rather than just
scrolling Instagram mindlessly or being hooked on Netflix. And imagine the person you
will be at the end of a week and two weeks and a month and one year. You see,
this isn't just about you. This is about turning you into the next Reagan Hillier,
turning you into a person who can inspire your children, who can be in the most
healthy relationship so you can act as a beacon of light for others, inspiring you
to be the person who can transcend and elevate at whatever job or entrepreneurial
venture you dive into so you can make your impact on the world. And that's why we
make this platform so affordable. So as you can see, you have everything to gain
and nothing to lose. All I ask you to do is to scroll down below. Now the
decision is in your hands. You can choose to continue living life as you've always
lived life, pushing, struggling, waiting for that big break, or you can choose