Hi and welcome to our masterclass on how to access altered states of mind for
powerful guidance and problem solving. What I'm going to be presenting to you are
some of the core ideas from the legendary Silva method, pioneered by Jose Silva.
So here's what we're going to cover. We're going to learn how to tap into alpha,
theta, and delta wave frequencies of the human mind to get into states of profound
creativity, intuitive guidance, and even create coincidences to move you forward.
Today, it may seem that we are more isolated than ever in a truly unpredictable
world. But the question is, are we really alone? And as you will see,
this master class and what you're going to learn here through the works of Jose
Silva suggests that we are not a single -dimensional being, that we exist in multiple
dimensions, and we have access to tools from these other dimensions. Silver went on
to say that when you can learn to do this, you become a genius. Think about the
great geniuses throughout history. They would often talk about flashes of inspiration,
Eureka moments. Nikola Tesla, who has been identified recently as one of the most
prominent inventors of our era, would speak about lights and intuitive guidance,
and he would see complete constructions in his head. Thomas Edison, who is known for
his 2 ,000 plus patents, would speak about his famous afternoon naps, where he would
light under the couch with a metal ball in his hand. And as he drift off and
sleep, his hand would drop, the ball would hit the ground, where there'd be a metal
plate, creating a loud clang that would wake him up. And he would get ideas and
remnants from these dips into napping, except he wasn't napping.
He was tapping into what is called the theta frequency. So it's no surprising that
when Napoleon Hill, the legendary personal growth writer of the 20s, 30s and 40s,
was asked to interview the world's greatest minds and figure out what made them
tick. He wrote this in his classic book, Think and Grow Rich. He said,
a genius is a man who has discovered how to increase the intensity of thought to a
point where he can freely communicate with sources of knowledge not available through
the ordinary rate of thought. This is what you're about to learn. So why do altered
states matter? Well, there are three things we're going to talk about here. First,
getting guidance or intuition. Second, removing blocks or manifesting.
And third is dipping into a state called Delta, where you're able to access guidance
from a higher source. Recently, I called my audience at Mind Valley, 50 million
people strong across all our social media, and I asked them, what are the biggest
things in life that you would love to solve right now? Now, these were the two
biggest things, and see if you relate. So of thousands of responses and hundreds of
different entries, 29 % of these entries fell into the realm of abundance. We want
more abundance in our life. Abundance of finances, obviously. We want to be able to
live well, but also abundance of love, abundance of happiness, abundance of health.
Abundance. It's freaking glorious. And the second thing was kind of strange. I didn't
expect this, but people, 29 % equal to abundance. People wanted to be able to focus
better. They said that they were distracted by lack of focus, they were
procrastinating. Now, a lot of this was also because of the pandemic. The pandemic
put us in a brain state where your brain releases a chemical called
neuroephenephenephrine. Neuroephenephrine is released when you are under threat, when
you are in social isolation, when we aren't connecting with the people we normally
connect with. But a side effect of it, according to Stephen Kotler, who is a master
researcher in flow states, is that you lose focus and you feel overwhelmed. What
you're gonna learn in this class is how to take that control of your brain. So
first, if you know me, you're excited to be here and you know why you're here. If
you don't know me, allow me to do a quick introduction. My name is Vishan Lakiani
and I'm the founder of Mind Valley. Mind Valley today is one of the top three
biggest personal growth companies on the entire planet. We have 50 million students,
spectacular events, festivals, and seminars across the world, an award -winning platform
that is used by governments, Fortune 500 companies, schools, and millions upon
millions of users. And I've written two New York Times bestsellers on The Human
Mind. My most recent book, The Buddha and the Badass, just hit number one on the
Wall Street Journal, and the code of the extraordinary mine briefly became the number
one book in the entire planet on Amazon for five days. And the reason for this is
because of my exploration on how altered states of mind can improve the human
experience in every dimension. Now, my book, The Code of the Extraordinary Mind, hit
number one in multiple categories on Amazon. Take a look at this slide. It was
number one in religion and spirituality, in self -help, in business and money, and
even in health, fitness, and dieting. And The reason is because the ideas I'm about
to teach you apply in all of these areas. You can use it for help. You can use
it to connect with your spirit. You can use it to grow your business and your
income. But the idea is rooted in this subtle change, active versus passive
meditation. I bet you've tried meditation. In fact, the studies show that the
majority of Americans who start meditating Give up. And the reason for this is
because meditating can be hard. I mean, it's about keeping thoughts out of your head
focusing on one thing, listening to your breathing. Well, the good news is this.
That is passive meditation. And I agree, passive meditation can be challenging. Don't
get me wrong, it has its benefits, but we're not going to be exploring that. What
we're going to be exploring is a form of meditation called active meditation, you do
not have to clear your thoughts. You do not have to focus on your breathing. If a
thought that's bugging you enters your mind, you learn to manipulate it and turn it
into a powerful solution. Active meditation is a game changer. This is why so many
entrepreneurs, people who tend to be naturally ADD, who cannot slow their mind down,
so many entrepreneurs fail at regular meditation, but active meditation, they jump on
it and they finally see that it all clicks. So keep this distinction in mind,
even if meditation has never worked for you. This is a unique approach. In fact,
one could barely call it meditation in the first place. Rather, you might call it
meditation for performance. And speaking of performance, here are some of my students
and see if you recognize any of these. First, Tony Gonzalez. I thought Tony Gonzalez
meditation and in an article in the New York Times he mentions that he meditates to
the techniques I thought him. Another one of my students, Bianca Andrescu, she
attended one of my classes when she was around 17 years old. At the age of 19,
using some of the techniques she learned, namely created visualization. She
accomplished an insane goal. She won the U .S. Open and beat Serena Williams at the
age of 19. Articles about this blew up the internet, and when the reporters asked
her how she did it, she asked for a phone and pulled up my book. And it turns
out that Bianca Boas suggests a reader of the Code of the Extraordinary Mind should
actually graduate it from my seminar, The Extraordinary, the seminar based on the
book. I really think that intuition is a very big part of us human beings.
Then there's Camilla Hansen, Miss Sweden. Camilla has used some of these techniques,
particularly the creative visualization portion, to not only heal her skin, but also
to launch a successful online CBD oil company. Here's what Camilla said.
I love Mind Valley. Like I said, my life would not be the same without it. Like
literally my whole life switched when I came across you and Mind Valley. So I'm
forever grateful for that. And I was always struggling with breakouts. I was eating
this perfect organic diet. And I still struggled with my skin until I came across
that meditation of yours. And healing meditation from Silva. After 10 years of
struggling, like it just healed my skin. And then there's the feel of music. I was
so honored when Billboard magazine did a story on the R &B rock star Miguel and how
he meditates with his entire team before taking the stage. The meditation that Miguel
uses, it's the meditation I designed. And this is why I've been asked to teach
these ideas to everyone from the Malaysian government, to employees at Google, to the
United Nations in Vienna, and even at Facebook HQ. What you're seeing in this
picture is me teaching a Silva class to over 500 people in a giant auditorium in
Tallinn, Estonia. And as out there, as these ideas may seem, I was recently asked
to speak at South by Southwest on the main stage and at the seven annual biohacking
conference. These never happened, of course, because they were cancelled due to COVID
-19. But I share these because I want you to know that, you know, the fact that
you're here, Five years ago, it would probably be a little weird. If you told your
friends, you were going to spend an hour and a half attending a talk on accessing
alt -at states, they'd probably think that you were a little bit too woo -woo. But
right now, this content is what I was going to present on the main stage of South
by Southwest. This stuff is now becoming mainstream, and it's changing the world.
So much so that at least one CEO, I know, said this. His name is John Butcher.
He's the founder of the billion -dollar precious moment's empire. And he said, any
CEO who is not tapping into altered states of mind is at a competitive disadvantage.
So how did I get into this? Well, it starts with a really bizarre story. but
please have an open mind. Now, it started when I was 26 years old. That's a
picture of me at 26. I was living in New York, and I grew tired of New York, and
I decided to move to Silicon Valley to San Francisco. It was 2001 when I landed in
San Francisco, and my timing in a word sucked. In April 2001,
the dot -com bubble burst. Everything collapsed. 14 ,000 people were laid off.
I couldn't get a job. And if that was an agony enough going months and months and
months, not even being able to afford rent, but sleeping on a couch, September 11
then hit, making the economy go further into a recession. I was sending out my
resume to anyone that would hire me. And finally, I got a big break. A company
that developed and sold software to law firms hired me but on the condition that I
only get paid if I close a sale. They asked me if I had any sales experience. I
had none, but I didn't dare tell them that because I was sick and tired of
sleeping on my friends' couches. I wanted to at least have enough money for rent.
So I jumped into this job knowing nothing about sales. In my first month, I made a
big fat zero because I couldn't get a single lawyer to show enough enthusiasm to
actually buy my software. But it was worse than that. Now, back then,
this is what we had to do. I was assigned to territory. It was San Antonio, Texas.
I had to call every lawyer in San Antonio, Texas in the Yellow Pages from A to Z.
And if you know anything about American Texan lawyers, you know this.
if you are a telemarketer or a sales.
and body parts I dare not mention. And so one day after,
I guess, the 13th lawyer verbally abused me, I decided that I either had to change
something about my life or I had to quit. Now, back then, this new technology had
just emerged. We called it Google. Google was this new search engine that was just
starting to rise in dominance. So I got on Google and I needed answers. I started
Googling for hope. I asked Google, I don't remember what I typed in that day, but
it may have been, Google, why does my life suck so bad? Or Google, give me an
answer. Or Google, why are Texan lawyers such assholes? But what I do know is that
day, I saw a website on Google. and it was about meditation.
It was a name I recognized, the Silva Method. I'd read those books when I was a
kid. The Silver Method books were hugely popular in the 70s and 80s and 90s, but
this was about a new creation by Jose Silva called Silver Ultramine. Apparently,
it was his final work. He had created it in 96, released it to the world, but
before it could really take off, he passed away in 1999. And so there were very
few seminars teaching this, but I was intrigued at what the website claimed.
The seminar was being taught in LA by a farmer, pseudical salesperson, and she
mentioned that she had used the tools here to overcome a tragic divorce, she had
built her life back, she had jacked up her sales, she was now driving a Ferrari,
and she'd met the man of her dreams, and this is why she had decided, in addition
to being a farmer sales rep, to teach the Silva method, and that she had a class
happening that very weekend. That was enough for me.
the power of the silver ultramine system. Now, the class was meant to be two days,
but because I had one -on -one attention, I finished it in one day, in that
Saturday, going all the way up to like 9 p .m. I then race back to the airport,
flew to San Francisco, and arrived early Sunday morning in the a .m. I was ready to
start my day on Monday. That Sunday, I put what I learned into action.
I meditated, and I applied the meditation process to go into deep levels of mind. I
applied what is called the three scenes technique to see my life unfolding in
different ways. I applied the mental video technique. And on Monday, I showed up at
work, and I started putting these techniques into place. Now, back then, to get my
list of lawyers to call up, I had to go to the San Francisco Public Library, check
the yellow pages for San Antonio, get to the page on law firms, photocopy that
page, rush back to my office, and call every attorney from A to C. But this time,
I decided to try what I learned in Silva, namely to tap into an altered state of
mind called Waking Theta, and then tap into human intuition. I would sink into my
meditative state, put the piece of paper on my table, run my fingers down the page,
and I would only call the lawyers for which I felt an impulse. The impulse, it's,
I'll explain it this way, it kind of felt like positivity, like a light, happy,
positive feeling. And I would only call those names that gave me that impulse. I
would not call any name that didn't give me that hit. Overnight,
I double my sales. Now, if you know anything about professional level sales, you
know that salespeople, they track everything, right? It's an empirical process. You
know, the number of calls you have to make, you know, the number of people who are
going to tell you that app for, the number of people who are going to provide your
credit card, the number of people you're going to bill. I tracked everything. And at
the end of that week, I doubled my sales. Now, at first I thought, maybe this is
an aberration. But the next week, I doubled it again when I brought in more silver
techniques. I started growing in my performance so massively that my boss came to me
and he said, Vision, what are you doing? And I said, I think they call it ESP.
And he said, nah, that's bullshit. But can you keep doing it? And I grew so fast.
My company promoted me three times in four months. There's something unique about
Silva. Once you learn these tools, you can't sit still.
No matter how much you succeed, you will have a fire to do more and more and
more. Every success builds on top of each other. And soon I grew satisfied working
at this company. Eighteen months had elapsed. And I decided I was able to do so
many things. At this point, because of Silver, I was vice president of sales running
their New York office in one of the most standing buildings in the city, Chelsea
Market. It's one of the most, my office is where YouTube studio says today. But I
was so productive, I was able to take on a second job as business development
director. I was able to do two jobs in the space of time as an ordinary human
being because my mind was so powerful due to silver. I could use intuition to make
better decisions. I could use the alpha level of mind and manifesting to create
synchronicities, I was hyper -productive. But I needed to do more because why work as
a VP of sales when you have this level of potential? So at that point, I decided
I needed to go bigger. And I remembered something. I was the only person who showed
up for that silver ultramine class. Yet these techniques had thought me so much
more, so much more than my degree at the prestigious University of Michigan School
of Engineering. So I decided to become a Silva instructor. I quit my job called
Turkey. I became a Silva instructor. And then I used the tools of Silva to grow
and elevate my career. That led to me creating the company called Mind Valley, to
Mind Valley growing into the business of it today. It led to me just a few months
ago getting an award here in the country in which I'm filming this, for Mind Valley
being the most successful bootstrapped startup in Estonia, and for me being recognized
by the president of the country I'm in right now as the most recognized foreign
founder in the country. None of these awards, none of these accomplishments would
have been possible if it wasn't for Silva and the tools that I'm about to teach
you here, guiding me throughout my life. Let me show you something. The picture
you're seeing here is the picture of my first office at this.
workspaces in the world, 2019. This was one of just many goals that I was able to
see in my mind on the mental screen that you're going to learn here, and then see
them rush into my life with an ease and a fluidity that almost makes you feel that
life is magical. And so I want to pause here, and I want you to do an exercise
with me. I want you to open up your journal or a piece of paper and write down
one goal that you'd love to accomplish. Assuming you had easy access to intuition,
assuming you knew this powerful technique to visualize your future and bring it
towards you, what is one goal that you would love to accomplish? Write it down.
Now one of the things that makes Silva truly unique, Jose Silva doesn't just teach
you to go deep into your goals. He teaches you a concept I call the compass and
the rocket. You don't just rocket towards a goal. First, you use your compass or
your intuition to identify if your goal is right for you, if you're aiming for the
right goal. So this is a further nuance that we'll cover when you go deeper into
the Silver Ultramine system. Sometimes what we think is a goal that we want isn't
right for us. There's something else we're meant to be doing.
I was recently interviewing one of Texas's most famous sons, Matthew McConaughey.
Matthew, if you've been following the news, just announced that he might be running
for governor of Texas. And as I interviewed Matthew, he shared with me a really
interesting idea. You see, Matthew, when he was young, wrote down all his goals on
a sheet of paper. He shared this with me, and he was in a fraternity when he
wrote this down. This is the piece of paper that he shared in his autobiography.
Notice that one goal, win a best actor Oscar. 20 years later,
Matthew McConaughey won that Oscar. Think about it. That's a goal that only one
person gets to hit every year. He wrote it down and 20 years later achieved it.
And I asked Matthew, what do you think is going on? Do you think that was just
purely one in a billion chance? And he said, no,
the target attracts the arrow. Now what he meant by this is that what if there are
goals out there, goals out there that the universe or a higher force wants to
achieve and it's looking for the arrow. The target already exists. The target is
looking to attract the right arrow. I sometimes ask myself that I build this dream
company, Mind Valley? Or was Mind Valley already in the universe's plan? And I was
the arrow that it choose to hit that target. This is why it's so important to
check into your intuition first before you aim for a goal.
Because what if there's a target out there calling you, asking you to be that
arrow, and you aren't listening? This is why intuition development is one of the
most powerful tools you can learn. Now, before we go further, the Silva Ultramine
Program covers eight outcomes. Let's do a quick pulse check. So one of the
principles of transformation is that you've got to know where you are so that you
can see how much you're growing. This keeps your motivation high, it keeps you
moving along, and it's part of the system in which we design Mind Valley programs,
which is why Mind Valley programs have like a ridiculously high completion rate,
almost five times the industry average. I'm going to ask you to rate yourself in
these eight areas. These are areas we're going to be focusing on. Now the first
area is this. Develop crystal clear intuition. Look at this statement and rate
yourself on a score of one to five. Five meaning you are so intuitive that you
have waking intuition. You get guidance instantly. Next, multiply your manifesting
power. This means you can have an intention and within days you see that intention
becoming real in the world. Third, career growth. This means you're able to bring
altered state access into your career, like the story of me running my finger down
the yellow pages. Fourth, boosting creativity. Rate yourself from one to five. Now
five means this. If you're writing a book or in any type of artistic pursuit,
creativity can just flow. I can be given any book topic right now. I can go into
my theta level of mind and just let that creativity flow. This is similar to some
of the stuff that you may have heard great inventors speak about when ideas come to
them, fully formed in their head, like how Elias How invented the sewing machine,
how Tesla came up with the AC motor. Again, rate yourself from 1 to 5. Next, being
totally grounded. This means even in the midst of chaos, you can go into this
peaceful, zen -like state of mind and be grounded. 6. Discovering and honoring your
purpose, knowing what targets are pulling yourself as an arrow.
That's really what being aligned with your purpose means. Next, having the skills for
alternative healing. What this means is being able to visualize your body healing so
you can reverse aging, heal things like, for example, your skin, even lose weight,
accelerate healing from injury, and keep yourself in high states of youth and
vitality as you get older. And finally, achieving self -awareness. This is when you're
truly aware of your true potential. You can magnify your strengths and you can
overcome your weaknesses. So Let's talk about Jose Silva and how this remarkable man
stumbled upon these ideas. Now, Jose Silva was a radio repairman in Laredo, Texas.
And when he worked for the U .S. Army, he observed something interesting. He saw a
hypnotherapist being brought into the U .S. military to help soldiers overcome PTSD
and stress. This got him very interested in hypnotherapy, and he decided to dive
into that exploration. But he had a reason for it. You see, Jose had 10 children.
And being a radio repairman, he knew that if you reduced a resistance in a wire,
more electricity flows. He wondered, is there a resistance in the brain? And if we
could reduce this resistance, would his kids do better at school? So he started
exploring relaxation techniques, biofeedback, and hypnotherapy. Back then,
the word meditation was hardly used. Now, keep in mind, This was like the 50s and
60s, and what he found was fairly interesting. His kids' grades improved,
as he would guide them into a relaxed level of mind called the alpha level. Their
memory would improve, their grades would improve, but then something astonishing
happened. Jose was working with his daughter, Isabella, and he was helping Isabella
with one of his schoolbooks. I can't remember the exact topic, but let's say it was
history. So Jose would train his kids this way. He would guide Isabella into a
relaxed state of mind, called the alpha level, and then he would ask Isabella a
question, and when you're at the alpha level, answers come to you faster, and so
Isabella would answer the questions on, say, history. But then something weird
happened. As Jose formulated the question in his head, for example, who was the 16th
president of the United States? Before he could verbally say the question,
Isabella would answer Abraham Lincoln. She was able to answer questions before Jose
verbally expressed them. It was as if she was linked to his mind. Now,
I met Isabella around 12 years ago. We were at a Silva conference in Greece.
She shared this remarkable story with me. And Isabella today still functions as a
healer. She works at a hospital in Texas, and she's what we call a medical insuit.
And doctors use her. When a patient walks in, she stays in a corner. The doctor is
there. She reads the patient, and then the doctor gives his diagnosis, and then she
goes to the doctor, and she privately whispers to the doctor, check his kidneys.
It's interesting. The doctors don't publicly say this because it's too out there. but
this is how powerful Isabella's mind has become. Silva was fascinated by this,
and he wrote to the leading psychic researcher of that time, Dr. J .B. Rine at Duke
University. Duke University had a famous program testing ESP. They had proven that
intuition was real. And Jose said, Dr. J. B. Ryan, I think I just trained my kids
to be psychic. And J .B. Ryan said, no, and what I found, no one could be trained
to be psychic. Your kids were just probably born psychic. So Jose said, hmm, I
don't believe that. I believe we can train someone to be psychic. And so what he
did was, in addition to Isabella, he trained all his kids. And then as his kids
started showing up better in school, the neighbors were sending him as kids. So he
trained the neighbor's kids. Then he started training the neighbors. And he proved J
.B. Ryan wrong. The rate of intuition displayed in silver classes is astonishing.
Now at that point, Silva started to grow and grow and grow. Journalists started
talking about this phenomenon, the Silva method. And finally, there was an article
that appeared in a local newspaper about a man who had had chronic migraine for
years, and he wrote how nothing could heal his migraine. But when he learned the
silver method and was able to get into the alpha level of mind, his migraines
disappeared for good. The next class was absolutely swamped. Silva continued to
expand, and he became world -renowned. He started collaborating with famous scientists
like William Broad at the San Antonio Mind Science Center to study the human mind.
And Silva got coverage in prestigious newspapers like the New York Times. But look
at this article, for example, right? It talks about brainwave studied, and the
article mentions nothing of intuition. It mentions biofeedback. Now, Silva was smart.
He knew that at this time, if he went out and he said he was teaching people to
be functionally psychic, people would call him crazy. So in his seminars, especially
in places like New York, he positioned it to CEOs speaking of biofeedback, how CEOs
could control stress, control migraines, get better at their job. And then,
on day four of the class, he'd go, Tadda, and then he'd teach them waking psychic
intuition. He'd have to build up their muscle to get to that level. But he proved
time and time and time again that you could train someone to do this. This is why
so many leading personal growth teachers were such Silva fans. For example, the late
Wayne Dyer said this about Jose Silva. Anything with the name of Jose Silva as the
author has my vote before I opened to page one. Yet the entire thing, Silva method
almost never happened. Jose Silva spent years studying hypnotherapy, spent years
studying psychology. And as he was so deep in this research, his radio business
suffered, and his income started dipping. And one day, He wrote in his biography,
he lay in bed, completely frustrated that all his passion for psychology, his passion
for hypnotherapy, wasn't rewarding him in terms of financial stability. He said,
I picked up a book on hypnotherapy and I just flung it across the room, determined
that I would never go into that field again. That night something interesting
happened. As he slept, he saw four numbers in his sleep, along with a religious
picture called the One Solitary Life, which had to do with Jesus. Jose Silva was a
Christian. As he woke up, he realized something. That picture came from a higher
power. And he mentioned later in his writing that the Jesus was simply symbology,
that it was coming from a good source. Silva is non -religious. You could be of any
religion. And when These insights come to you, sometimes they might come accompanied
by your guru or your teacher or your holy book, okay? But Silva was fascinated by
these four numbers, and it hit him. This is the license plate number of a car.
There's someone driving a car with this license plate number that I have to meet.
And so, Silva went to work that day at this radio repair shop, puzzling, thinking
about this number, keeping his eye out for any car. That day, a friend came to the
store. And his friend said, hey, Jose, so I want to go pick up some Mexican
groceries. Would you like to write with me? I'm going to drive across the border to
Nouveau Laredo, pick up my groceries, come back here. Let's go hang out, have a
chat. And Jose told his friend about the number. And Jose said, yes, I'll come with
you. But as we are driving, I'm going to be keeping my eye out for any car with
that license plate number. His friend probably thought he was a little bit out
there, but his friend decided to take Jose for the drive. Back then, crossing the
Laredo, Nouvelle Laredo border was a lot easier than it is right now. So they drove
the Nouveau Laredo, and they stopped at their favorite Mexican grocery store. As Jose
was picking his groceries, he heard his friend call out, Jose, Jose, come check this
out. There at the front of the counter was a Mexican lottery ticket for a local
lottery. And there was the exact four -digit number Jose had seen.
Jose bought the ticket, and he won $10 ,000. That's $50 ,000 in today's money.
That gave him, he said, the confidence and the boost of motivation to understand
that he was on to something. That money funded the rest of the research he needed
to complete the silver method. But he also went on to write in his biography. Look
at the coincidences that happened. The dream, the friend walking in, going to that
specific grocery store, that exact number being there. He said it wasn't just
intuition. Something, there was a force, something was laying out the right people,
the right circumstances, the right coincidences to move him towards that outcome. The
target attracts the arrow. Thank you, Matthew McConaughey. Think about that for a
second. This is what I started experiencing in my life, and this is what so many
Silva graduates have experienced. Go to stories .minevalley .com, which is our case
study website, type in Silva Ultramine. I launched this program barely a year ago,
and look at the 700 case studies. What targets are waiting for you?
Some of the stuff that Silva graduates have been able to accomplish are wild.
In the last 10 years, I traveled around the United States meeting many prominent
Silva practitioners. Many of them were in their 60s or 70s or 80s. This is one
woman I visited, Helen Hensel. That's me with my documentary crew. We filmed a short
documentary in her. Now, Helen Hetzel was known as the Contest Queen of Texas. I
traced Helen to a tiny village in Texas, where she was living at that time.
Helen Hetzel was able to win any competition she took part in. She was known as
the Contest Queen because she had won seven trips to Paris, boats, houses. She would
basically take part in any sweepstake, any contest and just win. And I asked Helen,
how do you do that? And she spoke about the Silva techniques. Helen, you see, was
Jose Silva's former PR director. She had the benefit of learning closely from that
man. Then there's this individual, Bert Goldman. Bert Goldman was an early Mind
Valley author. We published a program with him called the American Monk and another
program called Quantum Jumping. Burt Goldman is in his 90s, but the thing that's
incredible about Bert Goldman is even though he's in his 90s, he is a prolific
creator. People who can tap into the Theta states are like that. Bert has become a
renowned artist. His art sells for between $10 ,000 to $20 ,000 a piece. I know
because I have two of them in my office in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. But not only
art, Bert can pick up any skill he wants. I saw him in his 80s learned to play
the piano. He even developed a unique style of photography. True, applying the Silva
method. The exact ideas, the exact system to develop this photography came to him in
a dream. Then there's this legendary teacher. If you're a Mind Valley fan, you've
heard of her, Christy Marie Sheldon. She's one of the top spiritual teachers on Mind
Valley and a best selling author from 2014 all the way to 2018. Christy Marie
Sheldon started her career, she told me, when a Silver Method book fell on her
head. Now I can tell you that the Silver Method is probably one of the most
profound pieces of knowledge and wisdom that I've ever had in my life, which is why
I'm so honored that Jose's daughter, Diana Silva and his family, asked me to bring
this program together to be the new face of the Silver Method. What you're seeing
here is four years in the making. And now that I've
are elements of the silver method that before we were not allowed to share freely.
They were part of a paid class. I'm going to share some of these elements with you
freely. You're going to get a powerful taste of the silver method. And many of you,
the majority of you, are going to want to go ahead, go deeper, and unlock the full
possibilities. Now, first, let's go in an exploration of altered states. What is an
altered state of consciousness? Why do they matter? Now, Stephen Kotler, who is one
of the pioneering authors and researchers of this field, Kotler says it needs to be
normalized. He says, we live in a monophasic society. In other words, all of us
here today, in the Western world, we are trained to operate in one phase, the
waking level of beta. But indigenous cultures live in what is called a polyphasic
society. There was a study done by a researcher called Bogignan in 1973. And she
found that all the indigenous cultures in the world, 90 % of them at least, had
some form of altered state access. It might be Kung Fu. It might be meditation.
It might be dream culture where you go into lucid dreams. It might be Sufi dancing,
Gnostic Christian prayer. But as we stumbled upon the rational age.
We decided that anything that couldn't be explained by science was nonsense. And this
momentarily caused us to shut down the access to these altered states. We stopped
exploring them. This exploration is now coming to the forefront again in the Western
world. So how do you access altered states? Well, there are four ways. The first is
neuro training. I've gone deep in neuro training. This, for example is me at a
neuro training facility in Canada.
Neuro training is effective, but expensive. And then there is plant medicine,
which has been growing in popularity. I'm a big fan of plant medicine like
Ayahuasca. But even then, I only do it about once every five years.
I have the most incredible insights under plant medicine. But plant medicine is
illegal in most countries in the world. You have to journey to places like Peru or
Ecuador or Costa Rica to do it. It takes a long time, five, seven days on some of
these retreats, but it's not the most pleasant experience because it involves a lot
of puking. You've got to be prepared to go through some pretty intense experiences.
I've done it in places like the Amazon rainforests with native tribes like the
Achoa. And again, it's an amazing way to access out of the states, but not the
cleanest, easiest, and most affordable. Then there's breathwork. I love breathwork.
It's wonderful. But breathwork often produces uncontrollable states and uncontrollable
emotions. A lot of your shadows, a lot of your past beliefs emerge, and you are
meant to deal with it. But you don't get precise tools, almost like laser surgery,
to solve the specific problem you want. And that's where in the famous book by
Daniel Goldman, Altered Traits, he says the number one way to access altered states
is meditation. Now, I partially agree with Daniel. Yes, meditation. But the best way
to access altered states based on everything I've seen. And I've been in the
meditation field for 20 years. I've launched successful meditation apps like Ombana
with almost 5 million users. I've run massive meditation conferences.
And the most effective form of meditation I found to reach altered states and truly
use them is Silva ultramine. This is why this is the method I chose to bring
thought to the world on Mind Valley's platform. Now, Jose Silva set up certain
guidelines for students to get great results. And the first thing he said is, you
must have a burning desire, like a burning desire. Desire sparks,
intent, and desire causes the ripples to go in motion that bring you what you want.
So before we go further, I want to ask you, what is your burning desire? Why is
learning this important to you?
Is there a change you want to make in your life? Is it because you feel you have
unmet potential?
Is it because you want to have the most incredible relationships?
Is it for a contribution you want to make to the world? Write down your why.
So now let's get started with the training. And there are four things we're going
to go through. The first is understanding the states of mind. The second is
accessing alpha, which is the most easiest to access state of mind. The third is
the mental screen. and then four, utilizing the power. We're going to start with the
first. So let's go on to number one, which is knowing the states. So right now,
as you're watching this masterclass, as you're taking notes, most of you, according
to Jose Silva, roughly 90 % of you are at the beta waking frequency. This is where,
if you were to hook up your brain to a device called an electroencephalograph or an
EEG machine, your brain waves are beating at a waking frequency called beta,
14 to 21 cycles per second. That's pretty darn fast. This is alert. This is also
the place where you find stress, anxiousness, and so on. Now, roughly 10 % of people
have got into a level where they can access the alpha level of mind. This is when
your brainwaves slow down to 7 to 14 cycles per second. 10 % of the population,
according to Jose, naturally go into alpha. Most of us have to learn how to get
there. Now, when you learn to go from beta to alpha using the silver method, you're
able to make that state change in under 30 seconds after you master the technique,
and that mastery takes about a week. The alpha state is associated with relaxation,
with healing, with peacefulness, with bliss, with creativity. It is a remarkable
state. But you can slow down your brainwave frequencies further to what is called
theta. This is the dreamy state. Typically when you get to theta, it's like how you
feel as you're drifting off to sleep. Often you can't even keep your neck straight.
Your neck drifts off. But with the silver method, you learn to stay fully awake at
theta. Theta is the state associated with hyper creativity, with channeling,
and with intuition. This is where a lot of the magic happens but we don't
people I knew who developed a protocol. It's called a mental video technique, and
it's in the full Silva Ultramine System Program, that teaches you how to leverage
the Delta State. You literally go to sleep, implant a problem in your head, you
wake up, and over the next 72 hours, you see things shift, ideas come to you,
and synchronicities develop to help you solve that problem. It's a powerful tool.
It's pretty advanced that it is powerful. And this is why I say silver is one of
the most powerful ways to access altered states because very few programs teach you
to go all the way to delta. Now all of these states are measured in beats per
second, right? This is what the electroencephalograph measures. But I want to give
you an idea of what this sounds like. What you're about to hear right now is
called the alpha sound. This is a simple sound that we use in the silver training
to get your brain to lock into the alpha state. This is what the alpha state
sounds like. What you're hearing here is a sound with 7 to 14 beats per second.
Now listen to what happens when we go to theta. It goes down to 4 to 7 beats per
second.
Roughly 30 to 40 % of the silver class is done with the alpha sound, and 60 % to
70 % is done in
as we're falling asleep, we go from beta to alpha, the theta to delta. Now, when
you wake up, you're going from delta to theta to alpha and then to fully awake,
but you're in alpha when you wake up in the morning. You're feeling a little bit
groggy, you can kind of reflect on some dreams, and this is the moment you want to
use to meditate. So go use the bathroom if you must. Go brush your teeth, then get
back on bed, sit up straight. You can keep your feet crossed, You can keep your
feet extended, but sit up straight, maybe with a pillow behind you and a pillow to
support your hands, and you're then going to go to step two, and I'm going to
teach you how to go deeper and stay in that alpha state. And to do this, we're
going to learn a technique called a 40 -day technique. When I was 14 years old, and
my dad gave me my first silver book, this was the technique I learned in the book.
I dreamed of attending a silver class. I just was 14, I and have the money for
it. So for 40 days, I applied this technique that Jose Silva outlined to train you
to get to the alpha level of mind and to stay there consciously. And the results I
got were amazing. But it did take 40 days. If you absolutely do not have money,
this is how you want to approach it. Observe this diagram. What you're going to do
is you're going to stay in bed. Remember, you're sitting up. Your legs may be cross
-leg, your legs may be extended, and you're going to count backwards. For the first
10 days, you're going to count backwards from 100 to 1. And when you hit 1, you
know you're at alpha. You're conditioning your mind to stay at that level, to
embrace that level. At that point, when you're at alpha, at the count of 1, you're
going to learn creative visualization. You're going to apply that using the mental
screen. I'll teach you that in the moment. So stay tuned. Now, the good thing is
this. After around 10 days, your brain gets conditioned to it, and you can now go
to alpha counting backwards from 50 to 1. After 10 days of that, you can go to
alpha counting from 20 to 1. And after 10 days of that, you can go to alpha
counting from 10 to 1. And then it's literally 10 seconds, and you're at the alpha
level of mind, and you're ready to put on your mental screen and use the tools I'm
about to teach you to perform creative visualization to move you towards your goals.
What do you do when you reach these states? Well, that's where the rest of the
silver ultramine technique comes in. There's the mental video technique. There's the
three scenes technique. You're going to learn how to bring all of these techniques
together as you go to the full program. But for today, I'm still going to teach
you something powerful and it's called a mental video technique. Now let's do a
quick recap. Step one, know the barrier states. Beta, Alpha,
Theta, Delta. Step two, know the 40 -day countdown technique to teach yourself to get
to alpha. By the time you hit day 31, you are able to get to alpha counting
backwards from 10 to 1. And now we come to the mental screen. So I want to give
you an idea of what the mental screen looks like. Imagine a giant television in
front of you. Much like my television here. Think of the biggest TV you've seen and
imagine this giant screen in front of you. Now, if you could imagine this as big
as a cinema screen, even better. This is called your mental screen. It is on the
screen that you're going to project imagery of what you want to attract into your
life. Jose found that as you close your eyes and you see this mental screen in
your inner mind, imagine the screen is 20 degrees above the line of horizon.
This automatically causes your eyeballs to go up 20 degrees. This helps. This has
been proven by science to help generate alpha waves in your brain. Now the mistake
many people make with creative visualization is they're doing it at the beta level.
But when you can get to the alpha level, the power is multiplied. So everything you
think you've learned about law of attraction or the movie the secret, it's
incomplete. They tell you thoughts create reality. Yes, it does to some degree. But
when you're able to harness these thoughts in the right way, using the mental
screen, while being at waking alpha, you get a multiple of the impact.
Let's imagine the mental screen is in front of you right now. Let's do a quick
exercise. On your giant mental screen, as big as you can make it, I want you to
turn the screen completely black at the count of three. One, two, three. Imagine the
screen completely black. Now at the count of three, imagine the screen completely
white. One, two, three. Now imagine a banana, a single banana on the screen.
One, two, three.
Now at the count of three, imagine an orange on the screen. One, two, three.
You see how easy that is? Now, when you go to the Silva training, you actually
learn to improve your visualization ability. You learn to see vivid colors, you learn
to see vivid fruits, you get to a level where you can almost smell the banana.
This is part of the training, and all of this magnifies your ability to move you
towards the outcomes you want and to solve problems. It also magnifies your ability
to receive solutions through intuition. And now we go to step four, utilizing the
power. And now we come to the three scenes technique. I'm so excited to teach you
this technique because for the longest time, literally decades, you could only learn
this technique by taking a silver class. Now, I want you to keep something in mind.
I'm going to teach you this technique at a very surface level. If you are in the
full silver ultramine class, we go into a lot more nuance and we program this
technique onto your subconscious mind. So its efficacy goes up significantly. But
today, as you're here in this master class, I want to teach you this technique so
you can start using it immediately. Just know that the impact multiplies as you go
deeper into the Silva class and Jose Silva's hypnotherapy script as I read it out
to you, programs this into your mind at the alpha and then theta level. Now here's
how the technique works and there's a reason it's called the three scenes technique.
Remember that mental screen we spoke about earlier. Well, we're going to be utilizing
The basic technique looks like this. I want you to pick a problem that you want to
solve. It could be a fight with someone you love. It could be the fact that you
feel unrecognized and unappreciated in your career. It could be that the business
you're trying to start is failing. Now, in scene one, you see and feel the pain.
Scene one is your mental screen directly in front of you. See and feel the pain.
And then you're going to move the screen 15 degrees to the left. Now, why to the
left? In his studies with hypnotherapy, Jose Silva found that when you made someone
progress to the future, they moved to the left. If you made someone reflect on the
past, they moved to the right. From this, he concluded that your subconscious mind
perceives the future to your left. So what is in the present, is showing your
subconscious mind that this is the present reality. When you move your screen 15
degrees to the left, it's telling your subconscious mind, this is the near future.
Now in that second scene, what you're going to see is some symbolic or real action
that you need to resolve the situation. If it's a fight with a loved one, maybe
it's you or them apologizing and making up. If it's not feeling appreciated at work,
maybe it's some shift you make in your career. could be getting a new job, could
be having an open conversation with your peers. If a business or a project is
lagging, maybe it is an insight that hits you. Maybe it is a course you enroll in
to help you overcome that hurdle. See yourself taking some action. And in a moment,
I'll show you what to visualize if the problem involves help. So if your problem is
help, just be patient for a moment. We're going to come to that. Now the third
scene, you see the problem fully resolved and you feel every positive feeling
associated with the problem being resolved. So are you ready? I'm now going to guide
you through this, but first I want you to pick something that you want to resolve.
Now first, I'm going to guide you into a relaxed state of mind. Okay, now, you may
go to Alpha, you may not. Don't worry about that. Here you're simply learning the
technique. In the full program, I guide you to get to Alpha in three seconds and
data in maybe 10 seconds, right? But here, you're just learning this process. So I'm
going to ask you to imagine, to close your eyes, and we're just going to count
down backwards from 10 to 1.
On every count, you will feel yourself going deeper. Remember, don't worry about
reaching Alpha. All I'm trying to do here is to teach you the technique. You can
practice this if you want in the morning, if you're doing the 40 to one day
countdown. Or you can practice this if you enroll in the program and dive into the
full silver ultramine system. As I count gently backwards from 10 to 1, you will
feel yourself getting more and more relaxed and going deeper and deeper into a
relaxed state of mind. 10,
9, Eight, gently relaxing, seven,
six, five, going deeper and deeper. Four,
three, two, one. You're now at the alpha level, a relaxed state of mind,
where we're going to practice the three scenes technique. Directly in front of you
on the first screen, I want you to visualize a problem that you're looking to
resolve.
Feel the pain and frustration of this problem.
It's okay to feel anger. It's okay to feel frustrated. Here's a tip.
As you visualize this pain and frustration, exaggerate it.
Make it even more severe than you might know it is.
Exaggerating it establishes greater desire for it to resolve.
Feel the pain.
Feel the frustration. If you feel you need to punch a pillow, do it.
Now you're going to move the scene 15 degrees to the left. Don't worry about
getting the 15 exact. Basically, move it gently, a little bit to the left.
Now see yourself taking some action to resolve the problem. You don't have to know
the exact action. You don't even have to know if it's correct. Simply show that
you're committed.
Now, gently move The screen, another 15 degrees to the left.
And now you're going to see the solution, the end result that you want. See the
solution in all its majestic glory. See full color. If you can,
hear sounds. Feel smells.
Especially, feel the positive emotions associated with this solution.
Jose Silva found that if you see two or more people benefiting from the solution,
the outcome is more likely to come to you.
And now, you may open your eyes.
You just did a three -scenes technique.
Now, naturally, if you're doing this after fully being trained in the silver
ultramine system, you're going to be able to go deeper, you're going to create more
vivid visuals, more vivid emotions, and you're going to be able to see faster
results. But this is the first step, and you can already start using this. Now,
some of you may be wondering, how do I use this for healing? I'm so glad you
asked. Healing is really powerful. The late Dr. O 'Kal -Simonton ran the Simonton
Cancer Research Institute. And he did a famous study on imagery therapy, in other
words, visualization to heal cancer. This is what he found. He thought imagery
therapy to 159 patients with incurable cancer. All of these patients were expected to
live only 12 months. Four years later, 63 were alive. Fourteen showed no signs of
cancer. Twelve had cancer regressing, and 17 was stable. The average survival rate of
the group doubled to 24 .4 months twice the expected average.
Now, what was this powerful technique that Dr. O 'Karl Simonton was teaching these
patients? It was the silver method. O 'Kal Simonton was a silver graduate.
He even was invited to speak at the silver conference after this famous study. And
this is what he said. About the silver system, I would say it is the most powerful
single tool that I have to offer patients. Now, I can attest to this because I use
silver to heal my skin. When I was 17 years old, and by the way, this was just
from reading the silver books. Now, it took me a long time. I picked up the book
when I was 14. I was practicing silver. It was only when I was 17 that things
started clicking. Remember, I hadn't attended a class. I didn't have the money. I
was a teen. Now, you will get faster results because you have the opportunity to go
into a Mind Valley class and truly master it. But for me, it took four years, but
I persisted because I could see the potential of it. So, as a teenager, I had
horrible skin. I suffered from self -esteem problem because going to school I was
picked on by bullies. I had a nickname, Pimple Boy, or sometimes Pimpleface.
And I hated it. I never went on a date or dared even speak to a girl my entire
high school life because I felt ugly. When I was 17, I read in one of Jose's
books, at this point I'd read multiple books by Jose, and he mentioned that the
skin was the organ most susceptible to the power of the human mind. And it dawned
on me. Maybe I should try healing my skin. And so I practice the technique that I
just shared with you. And Jose says if you're looking at healing something, you have
to practice the technique three times a day. Now each practice would take maybe
three to five minutes. So it wasn't a big deal. It was no more than 10 to 12
minutes of meditation. Three times a day. For three times a day, I would see my
skin healing. I would start with the first screen where I would see my skin in its
current horrible state. The second screen, I would see myself doing something to heal
the skin. Now here's the thing. If it's a health practice, you don't have to see
yourself taking some particular pill or so on. Just see yourself doing something and
that something can be symbolic. Your subconscious mind understands symbolism. In the
second screen, I saw myself looking up at the sky and then putting my hands in the
sky and grabbing like like this blue cream from the sky as if the sky was this
this as if the sky could be scooped up like a cream rubbing the scream around my
face looking up at the sun the sun coming down on this cream this cream somehow
healing and fixing my skin then falling off leaving a layer of beautiful healthy
skin underneath it and in the third screen I'd see myself confident walking.
spend so much money trying to help me heal my skin. I healed it in five weeks.
So many Silva graduates have since used these techniques to heal their skin. So
here's a quick summary for healing. Scene one, see and feel the pain, feel the
emotions or frustration. Seen two, see some symbolic or real action taking to create
the healing. Now, you can bring in your doctor or medicine, if any. If the doctor
has given you some medicine or if you have a doctor you love, see that doctor
involved. This is a great thing to do. Jose Silva said, never use this to replace
modern medicine. Use it together with modern medicine. If your doctor in short has
given you a pill on that second scene, as you see yourself popping the pill, see
exaggerate, see like magical rays of light emerging from that pill, healing your
entire body, but always do this in cooperation with modern medical science.
It works best when it's together. The third scene, see and feel yourself being fully
healed and repeat three times a day until your injury has resolved itself.
And now the fun begins. Let's talk about advanced techniques. This is where the true
power of Silva lies. So one of the most entertaining articles on Silva I ever came
across was in the Washington Post. It was called Tripping Through the twilight zone.
The reason it was called tripping through the twilight zone is because this reporter
spoke about what happens when you go through the full silver program. It can be
bizarre in the most beautiful way, bizarre like you've stumbled upon this magic
toolkit of tools to transform every aspect of your life. And I want to share with
you some of the tools that many of you are going to get when you go deep into
the full silver ultramine trading, which takes place over 30 needed.
And the centering exercise doesn't just get you to alpha. It programs you to go to
alpha faster and faster and faster. Before you're even done with the first 30 % of
the program, the centring exercise has upgraded and it now teaches you to go to
theta. That means we're no longer talking about the alpha level of mind. We're
talking about waking theta. By week two, you're already able to go to the theta
level of mind and where most people are falling asleep, you're able to stay awake
lucid. Now, what you're at the theta level of mind, everything you put on your
mental screen, the power is exponential. You can literally implant commands and
statements in your mind. You know what is Silva's favorite statement? Every day in
every way, I get better, better and better. This is what I tell myself every day
as I go deep into my Silva meditation. Now, I love this statement so much. I even
have a sign of it on my wall right over there to remind myself of this statement.
This is one of the core programmings that Silva puts in you, but there's more.
Now, as a result of the centric technique, you learn to get to the alpha level of
mind in roughly 10 seconds. That's how fast it starts to happen. But we don't stop
there. You go deeper into the theta and delta levels of mind. And this is where
you learn mental programming. You can program your body to heal. You can program new
beliefs in your mind. You can program yourself to have different attitudes. It's like
you are your own best hypnotherapist. I've literally saved myself probably a hundred
thousand dollars worth of hypnotherapy fees, just being able to program myself by
going into the Alpha and Theta level of mind. Now that's just the beginning. The
next advanced idea is Theta State Access. As I mentioned, this is where most people
fall asleep, but you learn to go deep into Theta State Access, and here you learn
a concept best described as remote viewing. You learn to project your awareness
across time and space to pick up information otherwise unknown to you. Again,
have an open mind. One of the things you learn in this program is how to connect
with plant life and plant matter. So you can better work with the energy of plants
and even accelerate healing in plants. This is a precursor as we go to more
advanced levels of healing where you learn to heal animals. And this is a stepping
stone to healing other human beings. This class teaches you how to give healing
energy, not just to yourself, but to your loved ones. But not just give healing
energy. By the end of the silver class, you are given the name, age, gender, and
location of someone unknown to you. But not just healing, you learn to perceive
where someone needs to heal. Big difference there. Now, one of the things that
happens midway in the class is a concept called psychometry. You learn how to hold
an object and perceive information from the object. In fact, we do this in the live
silver classes. People are paired up. In this case, you can see two people. The
woman is one of my students, Elise. And Elise is holding an object wrapped in
newspaper from her partner, whom she's meeting for the first time in the class. And
as someone holds the object, insights, intuition come to them. There was one
situation where the person holding the object with their eyes close said, I see an
eight ball on my mental screen. He unwrapped the object and it was an eight ball
keychain. Another person, this was a class in San Mateo, California, said, I see
myself flying through the clouds. The sky is blue and I see white clouds and I'm
flying through them. He opened the paper. The object was the plane ticket. This
ability to perceive information is so profound. It is why Richard Bach, the famous
writer, credited Silva with helping him finish one of the greatest books of the last
100 years, Jonathan Livingston Seagull. Jonathan Livington Seagull, as a book,
was so popular as a personal growth tale, it made the cover of Time magazine.
But Richard back in an interview with Harper's Bazaar magazine said that he had
difficulty finishing the book until he took a silver class, and that's when the
closing chapter came to him. Now, interestingly enough, Richard Beck's daughter,
Gowery, reached out to me and shared the full story. Jonathan Livingston Seagull,
the book that made the cover of Time magazine, set in Richard's basement for years
until taking a silver class helped him complete it. And he was so fond of silver,
he would teach techniques to Gowrie. Imagine writing a book because of silver that
is so successful.
healer, not just for yourself, but for other people. But to develop that healing
ability, Silva found that the best way is to get you to work cases.
Cases are other human beings who need help. What you're seeing in this picture is
an example of caseworking. This is, here you're seeing Jason Goldberg. He's actually
a Mind Valley author who was in one of our Silva classes. Now, what's going on
here is really interesting. Everyone is paired up in the class, and people come with
a piece of paper carrying the name, age, gender, and location of someone they know,
but whom another person in the class wouldn't know. They then are paired up, they
take turns. In this case, Jason, for example, might be the meditator. He goes into
his theta level of mind, and the guide, the person holding up the piece of paper
reads out nothing more than the name, age, gender, and location of the case. Jason
attempts to project his awareness, to see the other person, to describe them, to
understand what they are feeling, to understand what ailments they might have that
need healing. And then as he identifies this, he's asked to give them healing. The
accuracy and the number of hits on this is remarkable. In almost every Silva class,
people see with incredible clarity the people that they are meant to heal.
They are able to perceive.
this is one of the first and easiest things to detect psychically. But once you
learn this, you start being able to fine -tune your psychic abilities like it's a
muscle and everything else in life gets easier. It's like you have an inner guidance
that is constantly with you. The side effect of practicing cases and healing other
people is you learn to heal yourself. Check out this case study. This woman was
able to transform her weight so she could go back to wearing what she says is a
tiny bikini. But not only that, I mean, that's just losing weight, right? You can
do that by getting on a diet program like WildFit. She healed her eyesight. And
they say that eyesight is not something you can heal easily. Imagine being able to
discard your glasses. So many Silva graduates have done that. And we're not even
done yet, folks. Another advanced level technique is Delta State Access. This is
where you learn the powerful mental video technique. The mental video technique is
where if you have an intractable problem, a problem you don't know how to solve.
Someone is literally bullying you, for example, or you just can't get your business
going, or you need to increase sales, you don't know how. Well, you practice this
technique before going to bed. When you go to bed, this technique awakens something
in you. You won't even remember it, but something happens. When you wake up the
next day, over the next 72 hours, you keep your eye out for the solution, and the
solution that you need will happen. I've used this technique so many times to make
important business decisions, to help my company grow, to get out of bad decisions
that I've made. How would you use this? So many spiritual teachers say that when we
sleep, we are connected to a higher power. But the only method I found that
actually teaches you to harness this time and see an actual impact in the world is
Silva Ultramine. Now, Silva never thought the mental video technique in his earlier
work. He included it in Silva Ultramine, which, as I said, he started developing in
95 and 96, but he was very sick. He eventually died in 99, just from old age.
And he said that this is the single most important tool every human being needs to
learn. And as someone who's been using this for almost two decades, I could totally
agree. I started working with the Silva family in 2003. And in 2020,
we launched Silver Ultramine, the most advanced silver program in the world right
now, and it's now available for you completely on Mind Valley. You can choose to
take everything you learn so far and try to figure it out over the next four years
or you can choose to have me hold your hand 20 to 30 minutes a day and go into
a complete transformation now odds are you already meditate so for the next 30 days
it's not like you have to spend an extra 20 minutes you can since there's going to
be a lot of meditation in this program just use your regular meditation or yoga
time You're going to come out of these trainings with the same relaxed, beautiful,
wonderful, blissful sensations. So for many of you, let's say your meditation is 20
minutes, it's maybe an extra 10 minutes a day. But imagine where you could be in
30 days. So to enroll, all you've got to do is this. Scroll down below this video,
and you will see full information on the program. And you will notice that there's
a special unlock price for you. Now what this means is, as a thank you for
watching this masterclass, we're going to give you a big discount on this program.
It's only available on this page. So do not close this page. Go ahead, click enroll
and join the program. Now I want you to understand one thing about our Mind Valley
programs. You don't have to make up your mind right now. You can enroll in this
program, test it out, and any time in the next 15 days, with one click,
cancel your purchase, and get a full unconditional refund. All you have to do is
click on your account page on the Mind Valley platform, click on the refund button,
and that's it. You are never obligated to buy a program. You can test it out. You
can see the video. You can even go through practically half the program because you
can give yourself a refund in 15 days with one click. So you have absolutely
nothing to worry about. Now, if you are buying a house or buying a car, you would
obviously test drive things, right? I encourage you to do the same here. Scroll down
below, click enroll so you can take advantage of the enrollment discount, explore the
program as much as you want in the next 15 days, cancel and get your refund. You
can apply your refund to another Mind Valley program or you can just keep it. All
the information is on Mindvalley .com forward slash refund. By the way, if you look
at the pricing for this program, you will see why the vast majority choose to
become a member rather than buy an individual program, just a hundred dollars extra.
But you don't just get one program, you get over 50 programs on Mind Valley
instantly available for you. You can go through a new program every month or do two
programs in a month and up -level yourself in 24 unique areas of life in the coming
year. But that's not all. Membership also means that you get access to Mind Valley
live events with so many special guests. What? What's happening here? You're on our
private social network. You're in a network of fellow members and these are such
incredible individuals. And we have memberships now in every country in the world.
And by the way, if you're watching this master class right now, you are enrolling
in a special class of the year. We have one special class of the year and it's
happening at the date below. Now, in this special class, you get so many bonuses.
And the biggest bonus is, before I launched Silva Ultramine, there was another really
remarkable program that I released. It was on creative visualization. It sold for
$249. You're going to get creative visualization free. I collaborated on this with
the phenomenal teacher Lisa Nichols. You might remember her from the hit movie The
Secret. Working with Lisa Nichols, we created these amazing creative visualization
tracks to help you visualize spectacular outcomes in your life. You're going to get
this as a bonus, $249, but only during the launch period. Now, here's how you use
this bonus with Silva. As you go to the Silva program, as you learn to go deeper
and deeper into Alpha, you can go to the Alpha level of mind. Remember, by the end
of week one, you can get to Alpha in about 10 seconds, right? You can now go to
Alpha and then play this audio, this creative visualization audio. Choose the ones
that relate to the particular outcomes in life you want and watch magic happen. So
you're not just getting one program, you're getting two, but only this week. Now, I
do this because this is going to be the biggest silver class of the year. This is
our annual superclass. There's going to be multiple other bonuses, including me coming
on live to answer the questions of our students. And it's also going to be a big
graduation party when we finished this class. Now, before I launched this program in
2020, I was about to give a class to CEOs and CHROs at the Ritz Carlton in Marina
Del Rey, California. That class was $8 ,000. And if you were a Mind Valley member,
you got it as a discount for around 3995. And look at the webpage, I believe it's
still up. It's called Becoming Superhuman Network. And you will see that what I was
teaching in the class is essentially key ideas from silver, except that we also
added networking and some nuances for CEOs and C .H .R .O. That is how much this
content was worth. CEOs were taking two days off. They are busy schedules to travel
to the Ritz Carlton's Marina del Rey to go deep with me. Now, keep in mind, you're
getting all of that in this new Silver Ultramine program. I put it in this program
because, Well, in March 2020, it became very apparent that we didn't know how long
the world was going to be in a pandemic, and I wouldn't have a chance to teach
this class. Prior to that, my Silva class, and the picture you're seeing here, is a
Silva Ultra Mind seminar over two days in Estonia. These classes were attended by
500 people. Now, the entire curriculum for that two days, we're giving it to you in
20 to 30 minutes a day, over 30 days. So you're getting the exact same training.
But there's an extra bonus. You're going to be connected in a community using Mind
Valley's new private social network. So even though you can't be in a class with
other students, you'll get to connect on a private social network, which not only
will give you access to other students, but will also show you students who might
be nearby so that you can get together for a cup of coffee or to practice and
connect on your Silva practice and find partners and collaborators. Now, here's how
the program works. As soon as you click enroll, you get to access the program in
full. Simply open up the Mind Valley app on your iPhone or Android and the program
will be there for you or open it up on Apple TV or go to home .mindvalue .com.
There's a Mind Valley app on all of these devices. The program has a start date.
join a class. All our classes start on a Monday. You can see the number of
students in a class and join the class with the largest number of students. Trust
me, it's the most fun. Now, every day, a new lesson will unlock. Simply follow the
lessons and the meditation. That's it. Before the class starts, there's a series of
warm -up videos that I created for you, guiding you through the entire process so
you know exactly how to prepare. And you'll also get a welcome guide on mindvalue
.com forward slash welcome that explains how the entire system works. At this point,
you have two choices. You can choose to say, okay, I've learned enough. I think
this is pretty cool. I'm going to try this out. I'm going to learn to get to
Alpha over the next 40 days. I'm just going to figure everything out. And I'm sure
you could figure everything out. It may take years, but you could. When I was 14
years old and I picked up my first silver book and I had that skin problem, I
wish I'd been able to take a silver class because it could have solved my skin
problem probably within months. But because I didn't have the money for that silver
class, I was 14, as I said. I had to read multiple books, try to figure out
things on my own. And books are never as good as a powerful training. Silva's books
cannot give you the full immersion that you get in a training, where they are
specific audio technology, Specific hypnotherapy scripts, the trainings speak to your
subconscious mind. They change you at a different level. But if I had taken a
silver class, my God, my entire teenage life mind has been different. Maybe I'd be
significantly more ahead than I am right now. Maybe I would have been able to at
least get a date or not feel ugly. I wish I'd learned Silva when I was
significantly younger. Now, you didn't have to worry about that because the training
is available for you right here on the Mind Valley platform. I can't wait to see
you in our membership.